In most people with CJD , these symptoms are accompanied by involuntary movements .
Later symptoms include dementia , involuntary movements , blindness , weakness , and coma .
Since inflation lowers real wages , Keynesians view inflation as the solution to involuntary unemployment .
Alkyl nitrites are a source of nitric oxide , which signals for relaxation of the involuntary muscles .
It also does not mean we no longer violate the will of God , for involuntary transgressions remain .
Opioids may be used to help with pain , while clonazepam or sodium valproate may help with involuntary movements .
The extra spurious cycle stealing , as the rendezvous radar updated an involuntary counter , caused the computer alarms .
If a person requires employment in order to feed and house himself , the employer-employee relationship could be considered involuntary .
The Statute of the Council of Europe provides for the voluntary suspension , involuntary suspension , and exclusion of members .
Anarchism is a political philosophy and movement that is skeptical of authority and rejects all involuntary , coercive forms of hierarchy .
Libertarian Party has said that conscription `` is wrongly associated with patriotism , when it really represents slavery and involuntary servitude '' .
Examples of intent are voluntary , intentional movements like shaking a hand or winking , as well as involuntary , such as sweating .
In Canada , more than 600 children from residential schools were used as involuntary participants in BCG vaccine trials between 1933 and 1945 .
She was committed to the psychiatric ward of Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center and put on 5150 involuntary psychiatric hold under California state law .
Hospitalization may be required especially with the manic episodes present in bipolar I . This can be voluntary or ( local legislation permitting ) involuntary .
Ancient philosophy .
Chinese philosophy .
Coaching philosophy .
Enlightenment philosophy .
Ethical philosophy .
Hellenistic philosophy .
Hindu philosophy .
In philosophy .
In philosophy .
In philosophy .
Modern philosophy .
Modern philosophy .
Natural philosophy .
Practical philosophy .
Process philosophy .
Abbatial hierarchy .
Priesthood hierarchy .
The hierarchy .
Changes to church hierarchy structure .
Regularity , the cumulative hierarchy , and types .
A racial hierarchy existed , with German prisoners at the top .
This hierarchy of grammars was described by Noam Chomsky in 1956 .
Context-sensitive is one of the four types of grammars in the Chomsky hierarchy .
The structure of proteins is traditionally described in a hierarchy of four levels .
3 '' stipulated that the military was subordinate to Ispolkom in the political hierarchy .
A two-tier hierarchy of Aaronides and Levites appears in Ezra , Nehemiah and Chronicles .
In the Neo-Assyrian period , an extensive hierarchy within the provincial administration is attested .
The Linnaean system classified nature within a nested hierarchy , starting with three kingdoms .
The Supreme Military Court is the highest organ of the hierarchy of military courts .
Thus , CSG are positioned between context-free and unrestricted grammars in the Chomsky hierarchy .
I 'm still skeptical about its resources and its credibility . ''
Of the academical or skeptical philosophy ( in three parts ) .
had remained skeptical about the show even after greenlighting the pilot .
I remember Jon Peters was very skeptical at first to hire me . ''
Its protagonist , skeptical old scholar Sylvester Bonnard , embodied France 's own personality .
His approach was empirical , skeptical of overgeneralizations , and eschewed attempts to establish universal laws .
Ironic and skeptical , he was considered in his day the ideal French man of letters .
Huxley identified agnosticism not as a creed but rather as a method of skeptical , evidence-based inquiry .
The first section of the last chapter is well organized as an outline of various skeptical arguments .
Later critics , skeptical of the long-maintained tradition , preferred to call the author `` the Chronicler '' .
He is remembered for his skeptical humanism and his support for political tolerance , dialogue , and civil rights .
After several variants were proposed but later abandoned , some industry observers became skeptical of new aircraft proposals from Boeing .
Anarchism is a political philosophy and movement that is skeptical of authority and rejects all involuntary , coercive forms of hierarchy .
( Hume 1974:389 ) And there are a number of reasons to be skeptical of human testimony , also based on experience .
A skeptical news crew headed up by Liz Smith interviews the students and the principal about the vampire attack during the credits .
Back-to-the-land movement .
Devolution movement .
Environmental movement .
Leather movement .
Neotraditionalist movement .
Objectivist movement .
Outlaw movement .
# ReleaseTheSchumacherCut movement .
Autism rights movement .
A resistance movement emerged .
Latter Day Saint movement .
Latter Day Saint movement .
Latter Day Saint movement .
Leadership of non-aligned movement .
Greater Latter Day Saint movement .
's political borders .
Brief political loosening .
Early political career .
Early political career .
Early political involvement .
Recent political developments .
Renewed political engagement .
Beginnings of political career .
Bishops holding political office .
Relations between political executives .
Social and political activism .
Social and political influence .
Early migrations and political units .
Early political career , 1974–2001 .
Formation of Ainu political party .
Budgetary authority .
He lost yet more authority .
Power , authority and solemnity .
Allegiance oath controversy and papal authority .
Ad hominem arguments , testimony and authority .
God legislates and divine authority is supreme .
Headquarters of regiments have no operational authority .
His authority extended over church and state .
In 1996 Torfaen became a unitary authority .
Mayo County Council is the local authority .
The Umayyad authority recaptured it in 799 .
They have full authority in its administration .
Abbahu was an authority on weights and measures .
In 1898 , Utah elected general authority B.H .
This judicial authority was removed in April 2017 .
It is harmful to life .
High doses of some antioxidants may have harmful long-term effects .
Its use in pregnancy and breastfeeding does not appear to be harmful .
Diamond dust used as an abrasive can be harmful if ingested or inhaled .
It was thought that dairy products were especially at risk from harmful spirits .
This prevents the formation of unwanted flavours and harmful compounds such as acetaldehyde .
Acid rain can have harmful effects on plants , aquatic animals , and infrastructure .
Like in Hinduism , the aim is to prevent the accumulation of harmful karma .
Abiotic stress is the most harmful factor concerning the growth and productivity of crops worldwide .
Californium-252 is a very strong neutron emitter , which makes it extremely radioactive and harmful .
Collection condoms are made from silicone or polyurethane , as latex is somewhat harmful to sperm .
Their skins were exposed to harmful ultraviolet rays that had previously been absorbed by the water .
The amount of radiation escaping the front of the monitor is widely considered not to be harmful .
This will lead to harmful consequences in their life , physically , mentally , emotionally and socially .
Another harmful and false belief is that sex with an albinistic woman will cure a man of HIV .
High levels of lateral support are useful for activities where lateral motion is undesirable and unexpected .
This may result in failure of the communication process or cause an effect that is undesirable .
If the flow ratio of methane and hydrogen are not appropriate , it will cause undesirable results .
These pale colors were once considered undesirable , but have recently become popular due to intensive marketing .
For example , the presence of ants would be undesirable in sterile places such as hospitals or kitchens .
: if x=0 ) , then using the standard estimator leads to formula_70 which sometimes is unrealistic and undesirable .
Its presence in ethylene is usually undesirable because of its explosive character and its ability to poison Ziegler–Natta catalysts .
Anarchism calls for the abolition of the state , which it holds to be unnecessary , undesirable , and harmful .
He and his mother were then interned in various camps from 1940 to 1942 as `` undesirable dangerous foreigners '' .
Subsequently , the axiom of choice and the axiom of regularity were added to exclude models with some undesirable properties .
That is , they may be violated if strict adherence to the rule would lead to much more undesirable consequences .
Ionization is generally undesirable , as it reduces the number of atoms that are available for measurement , i.e. , the sensitivity .
Their prolonged radioactivity is undesirable for the disposal , and therefore americium , together with other long-lived actinides , must be neutralized .
An alloy is technically an impure metal , but when referring to alloys , the term `` impurities '' usually denotes undesirable elements .
Beside a chemical contamination , 249Cf , being an alpha emitter , brings undesirable self-damage of the crystal lattice and the resulting self-heating .
state .
state .
state .
state .
state .
City state .
Jewish state .
The state .
member state .
Changes of state .
On the state .
The intermediate state .
Third Bulgarian state .
in another state .
state , Texas .
to be court-martialed .
Acupuncture can be painful .
It could be Sagone .
Selections must be unanimous .
`` To be '' .
may also be used .
might be even married .
( Must it be ? )
Aggressive dialysis can be therapeutic .
Ammonia can be synthesized electrochemically .
Ant colonies can be long-lived .
Benzyne can not be isolated .
Chemotherapy may be used simultaneously .
Copyright may also be licensed .
EVA can be used later .
This reduces unnecessary traffic and collisions .
This can lead to unnecessary antimicrobial use .
In some cases the more experienced capoeirista can judge the takedown unnecessary .
At one point Meenal hangs by Bachchan 's elbow , words entirely unnecessary .
He declared : `` selfishness is unnecessary and hence-forth unrationalizable ... War is obsolete . ''
Laboratory production is unnecessary because bromine is commercially available and has a long shelf life .
Several organizations concerned with antimicrobial resistance are lobbying to eliminate the unnecessary use of antibiotics .
The body is unnecessary ; in relation to it , the soul is its perfection .
Non-lethal water cannons and tear gas cannons can provide suppressive fire in lieu of unnecessary deadly fire .
The mission module was determined to be useful only as an extra room , and therefore unnecessary .
Performing a wound culture is unnecessary because it rarely gives information which can be used to guide treatment .
As it became clear NASA would not soon establish a lunar base , such a large vehicle seemed unnecessary .
Anarchism calls for the abolition of the state , which it holds to be unnecessary , undesirable , and harmful .
A position further west was unnecessary , as that area of the North Sea could be patrolled by air using aircraft .
After the Apollo 11 mission , officials from the Soviet Union said landing humans on the Moon was dangerous and unnecessary .
Guilt by association .
Number and association of players .
Of the association of ideas .
Her six-year association with Nagel was successful .
The association with wealth is even stronger .
Chile 's most popular sport is association football .
Historical relationship with association football and ice hockey .
Sport Clube Beira-Mar is an association football club .
Holly ended his association with Petty in December 1958 .
In general , HO assumes no association between treatments .
Reviews have found no association between aspartame and cancer .
The most popular sport in Brunei is association football .
Aalen has arranged a municipal association with Essingen and Hüttlingen .
The International Conference of Reformed Churches is another conservative association .
The two had recently met and begun their musical association .
Identifying historical figures .
Modern historical research .
Other historical works .
Other historical works .
Archaeological and historical research .
Based on historical figures .
Legacy and historical perception .
Legacy and historical significance .
List of historical antipopes .
Origin and historical locations .
Other Western historical forms .
Social and historical aspects .
Views on historical authenticity .
Archaic meanings and historical uses .
Dispute with the historical school .
In practice the socialist objective was a dead letter .
Those factions tend to occupy social-liberal , and democratic socialist positions .
Anarchism is contrasted to socialist forms which are state-oriented or from above .
Bosnia and Herzegovina declared independence from socialist Yugoslavia on 1 March 1992 .
During its first five years of independence , Bangladesh adopted socialist policies .
China is currently governed as a unitary one-party socialist republic by the CCP .
France was a socialist and an outspoken supporter of the 1917 Russian Revolution .
In January 1975 , Sheikh Mujibur Rahman introduced one-party socialist rule under BAKSAL .
The socialist intellectuals believed the officers to be the most likely counterrevolutionary elements .
Although a socialist , Attlee still believed in the British Empire of his youth .
Collectivist anarchism is a revolutionary socialist form of anarchism commonly associated with Mikhail Bakunin .
Soilih began with a set of solid socialist ideals designed to modernize the country .
In 1946 , Bulgaria came under the Soviet-led Eastern Bloc and became a socialist state .
In Germany , Chancellor Otto von Bismarck had used such policies to neutralize socialist promises .
Some groups identifying as Ásatrú have been associated with national socialist and white nationalist movements .
Bipolar spectrum .
Beta emission spectrum .
Demand for spectrum .
Power and spectrum efficiency .
This spectrum was puzzling for many years .
It also is related to autism spectrum disorders .
This formulation only applies to the visible spectrum .
accents mostly fall under the General American spectrum .
Bluetooth uses a radio technology called frequency-hopping spread spectrum .
Drinking during pregnancy can result in fetal alcohol spectrum disorders .
It is now considered part of the wider autism spectrum .
Social deficits distinguish autism spectrum disorders from other developmental disorders .
The situation is similar for those on the autism spectrum .
Zebrafish can thus observe a very wide spectrum of colours .
Analysis of its spectrum reveals that it is a spectroscopic binary .
Stay strong ! ''
Alexander was extremely strong .
Cardiff has strong nightlife .
I have strong morals .
Atomic semantics are very strong .
Basenjis have a strong prey drive .
Bromic acid is a strong acid .
Carbon-carbon bonds are strong and stable .
Cornwall has a strong culinary heritage .
needs strong friends like Dostum . ''
Aromatic di-hydroxy ligands form relatively strong complexes .
Carboxylic acids often have strong sour odours .
It has strong ties to nearby U.S .
Several strong castles were assaulted and captured .
The Waterloo position was a strong one .
Both teams used flying wing designs .
Ghana Empire and the southern wing .
Southern Iberia and the northern wing .
A returning boomerang is a rotating wing .
Women made needles from the wing bones of seabirds .
Aft-swept wing settings are used in high subsonic and supersonic flight .
In 2006 al-Qaeda claimed they had established a wing in Kashmir .
Kutta and Zhukovsky went on to develop a two-dimensional wing theory .
Most reliable are the species wing proportions and their flight actions .
His work lead to him developing the concept of the modern wing .
Northrop had prior experience developing the YB-35 and YB-49 flying wing aircraft .
The Queen uses a smaller suite of rooms in the north wing .
The first stage was the construction of the northern wing beginning 1906 .
The latter was part of the Jeffersonian wing of the Democratic-Republican Party .
These were mounted on zero-length launch rails , four to a wing .
Agrarian socialism .
Working conditions and Christian socialism .
Mormonism and the national debate over socialism and communism .
Camus attacked totalitarian communism while advocating libertarian socialism and anarcho-syndicalism .
This does not mean that I am opposed to socialism . ''
This sparked a process that caused him to convert to socialism .
Mormonism has had a mixed relationship with socialism in its various forms .
He promised the creation of a coalition government which would not espouse socialism .
Namely , the Ukrainians were very alarmed by the Czechoslovak deviation from standard socialism .
As president , Micombero became an advocate of African socialism and received support from China .
The economic system of NDH was based on the concept of `` Croatian socialism '' .
Critics ridiculed the economic policy of the Chicago Boys as `` Chicago way to socialism “ .
The references to `` socialism '' meant control by the communist parties loyal to the Kremlin .
This kind of market socialism created significantly better economic conditions than in the Eastern Bloc countries .
Although the Kremlin wanted to preserve socialism in its satellites , the decision was not to intervene .
A more formal treatment .
Logic as formal semiotic .
1917 : British-Zionist formal negotiations .
Few Burkinabé have had formal education .
Programming language theory and formal methods .
Type-0 grammars include all formal grammars .
Azerbaijan has formal involvement with senior ex-U.S .
Burns suppers may be formal or informal .
Combinatorics on words deals with formal languages .
His formal schooling was from itinerant teachers .
The highest formal oxidation number is +6 .
The `` formal '' city was also expanded .
A formal treaty with Habsburg was made in 1393 .
In a formal vein , Peirce said : Signs .
P′′ : Brainfuck 's formal `` parent language '' .
Political rise .
The rise of cable .
Figures with rotation have little rise .
These mountains rise to a height of .
Rebellion against Rome , rise to Gothic leadership .
The Aramaic gave rise to the Hebrew script .
1990–Present : The rise of computers and online chess .
Foreign involvement in the rise of the Khmer Rouge .
Its rise , in turn , stimulated American mathematics .
These changes also entailed the rise of labour movements .
These haploid individuals give rise to gametes through mitosis .
`` Calvin and Hobbes '' and rise to success .
Leavening agents cause dough to rise by producing carbon dioxide .
Temperatures rise above an average of three times a year .
Terms of this kind give rise to vicious circle fallacies .
Production fell and unemployment rose .
Production fell and unemployment rose .
Program costs rose throughout development .
During his presidency income from sugar rose steeply .
As fully God , he rose to life again .
The numbers of campesinos and tenant farmers rose considerably .
Large buildings and complexes rose in nearby Albufereta , e.g .
Presidents and constitutions rose and fell quickly in the 1820s .
The rose and myrtle flowers were both sacred to Aphrodite .
As tensions rose , Croatia declared independence on 25 June 1991 .
Eventually , he rose to the position of Minister of Crime .
The idea eventually rose through the military bureaucracy and gained supporters .
Exports to CIS countries rose by 40,3 % to $ 579,5 million .
From 1947 to the 1970s , African-American participation in baseball rose steadily .
Its average vote in the areas it contested rose to 4.3 % .
Beliefs and thought .
On Islamic thought .
Schools of thought .
Schools of thought .
Schools of thought .
Schools of thought .
Views and thought .
Chinese room thought experiment .
Early observations and thought .
Political and social thought .
Women in Confucian thought .
Divergence from conventional Christian thought .
Traditional Confucian thought discourages profit-seeking .
Conger thought it a bad idea .
Even Brooke thought it crass stupidity .
Graeme Nicholson considers Camus an existentialist anarchist .
Specific anarchist attitudes towards the state vary .
Grothendieck was born in Berlin to anarchist parents .
Various anarchist schools of thought formed during this period .
Inceptive currents among classical anarchist currents were mutualism and individualism .
Elton himself played an anarchist in `` Blackadder the Third '' .
As Daniel Ekeroth wrote in 2008 , Red and anarchist black metal .
At the exposition , President William McKinley was assassinated by anarchist Leon Czolgosz .
The decision-making process of small anarchist affinity groups plays a significant tactical role .
About anarcho-capitalism , anarchist and anti-capitalist intellectual Noam Chomsky says : Economics and property .
At the end of World War II , the anarchist movement was severely weakened .
Other anarchists advocated for or used art as a means to achieve anarchist ends .
The Auguste character-type is often an anarchist , a joker , or a fool .
Anarcho-capitalists are distinguished from the dominant anarchist tradition by their relation to property and capital .
Mutualism is an 18th-century economic theory that was developed into anarchist theory by Pierre-Joseph Proudhon .
Early modern .
Early modern .
Early modern .
Late modern .
Late modern .
Late modern .
88 modern constellations .
A modern sport .
Abstract modern viewpoint .
Early modern astronomy .
Early modern botany .
Early modern history .
Early modern history .
Early modern period .
Early modern period .
history .
history .
history .
history .
history .
history .
history .
history .
Ancient history .
Ancient history .
Ancient history .
Ancient history .
Ancient history .
Ancient history .
Ancient history .
Borneo has significant cave systems .
Colorado has significant hydrocarbon resources .
Differences between specimens are significant .
However , there are significant limitations .
Neither navy built significant aircraft carriers .
Other significant traditions include story telling .
This has led to significant confusion .
A significant addition was a character type .
All animals need significant amounts of sulfur .
The most significant damage was on Tortola .
-- > Many who survive have significant disability .
A significant cause of this is phonological attrition .
Aerosolized pneumonic plague remains the most significant threat .
Bangladesh is home to a significant Ismaili community .
Cambodia has significant potential for developing renewable energy .
Biological role .
Biological role .
Biological role .
Biological role .
Biological role .
Biological role .
Biological role .
By role .
Construction role .
Design role .
Environmental role .
Musical role .
Physiological role .
Biological and pathological role .
Biological role and precautions .
11th century .
16th century .
16th century .
16th–19th century .
17th century .
18th century .
18th century .
18th century .
18th century .
19th century .
19th century .
19th century .
19th century .
19th century .
19th century .
Ancient world .
Ancient world .
Arab world .
Arab world .
Arab world .
Classical world .
Hellenistic world .
Islamic world .
Medieval world .
Roman world .
Around the world .
Around the world .
Around the world .
Hello , world .
Hello world program .
Female emancipation .
The National Union Party was united by Lincoln 's support for emancipation .
This problematic relationship reached its peak during the period leading up to emancipation .
By the time of emancipation , slaves outnumbered that of freemen on Grand Cayman .
The safety bicycle gave women unprecedented mobility , contributing to their emancipation in Western nations .
For Advanced Chemistry , hip hop is a “ vehicle of general human emancipation , ” .
During the Civil War , sentiment concerning slaves , enslavement and emancipation in the United States was divided .
The government also oversaw the emancipation of women and the expansion of healthcare and education throughout the country .
But compensated emancipation occurred only in the District of Columbia , where Congress had the power to enact it .
In the early 19th century , a number of laws enabling emancipation of the Jews were enacted in Western European countries .
Plutarch adds that after Agesilaus ' emancipation from him , Lysander returned to his undercover scheme to make the monarchy elective .
The leader of the national emancipation process was the Portuguese prince Pedro I , elder son of the king of Portugal .
Under the Act , slaves were granted full emancipation after a period of four to six years of `` apprenticeship '' .
By 1882 , 46,000 Jews lived in England and , by 1890 , Jewish emancipation was complete in every walk of life .
In 1836 , after the emancipation of Central America from Spanish rule , the British claimed the right to administer the region .
He steals first !
The first BBSes .
The first U.S .
The first U.S .
The first U.S .
The first U.S .
The first airlines .
After the first U.S .
Arrival and first efforts .
Discovery and first observations .
The first column is .
The first international leagues .
University and first marriage .
`` Stealing first '' .
plays the first card .
Ante-Nicene period .
Breton–Norman period .
Byzantine period .
Canaanite period .
Classical period .
Classical period .
Classical period .
Classical period .
Colonial period .
Colonial period .
Colonial period .
Colonial period .
Colonial period .
Hellenistic period .
Inter-war period .
era .
era .
Ancient era .
Ancient era .
Banknote era .
CLB era .
Calendar era .
Classical era .
Classical era .
Colonial era .
Colonial era .
Colonial era .
Colonial era .
Contemporary era .
Contemporary era .
a thirtieth part .
One part Bruce Wayne .
They regretfully part ways .
326 and part of fr .
Anarchists also took part in revolutions .
He is of part Irish descent .
Matroid theory abstracts part of geometry .
One part City Smashing Robot . ''
This was part of the U.S .
Benzoin is usually part of the recipe .
His ideas are only realized in part .
In the left part were four beads .
In the southern part winters are milder .
It is part of the Bengali-Assamese languages .
It remained part of the 2008 Games .
Back end .
Front end .
Ultimate end .
Start and end of centuries .
The end of the war .
2010s and temporary end of publication .
Organizations working to end extreme poverty .
Since the end of the war .
Statements need not end with semicolons .
57 in the end of the season .
Absalom 's end was beset with terrors .
Clinton attempted to end the Israeli–Palestinian conflict .
Nouns that end in –е/–о use –то .
The end comes at an unexpected time .
The tagbody form tests the end condition .
European classical tradition .
In classical art .
Modern classical guitar .
Bradley 's classical explanation .
Definition in classical mechanics .
Use in classical music .
In classical poetry and art .
Legacy of the classical world .
These classical statistical techniques ( esp .
Alfonso was particularly attracted to classical literature .
Its concerts perform mostly modern classical music .
Overview of the classical guitar 's history .
Typical features are columns and classical capitals .
He also is an amateur classical pipe organist .
In this limit , the gas is classical .
have no teeth .
I have no home !
I have strong morals .
They have one son .
They have three children .
They have three children .
They have two children .
We have felt humiliation .
Abstractions sometimes have ambiguous referents .
Ants have a cosmopolitan distribution .
Banks have such a priority .
Barges have changed throughout time .
Both hospitals have undergone expansion .
Controversies that have shaped Baptists .
County roads have four-digit numbers .
BRP can mean :
Garbage can 278 .
Acupuncture can be painful .
It can cruise at .
The SGM can travel .
You can experiment . ''
( How compensation can ) .
ADEM can progress to MS .
Aggressive dialysis can be therapeutic .
Ammonia can be synthesized electrochemically .
Ant colonies can be long-lived .
Antidepressant medications can reduce anxiety .
Benzyne can not be isolated .
EVA can be used later .
Errors can be expressed relatively .
Computational evolutionary biology .
Early evolutionary thinking .
Paleontology and evolutionary processes .
These processes are largely evolutionary conserved .
Some groups call their belief evolutionary creationism .
The Ahmadiyya movement actively promotes evolutionary theory .
According to the `` evolutionary model '' c.q .
An evolutionary reason for the phobia remains unresolved .
, the reason for this evolutionary change was unknown .
Assessment of Wallace 's role in history of evolutionary theory .
Outline of evolution ( see also evolutionary biology ) Ecology .
Future molecular studies should provide further insights into their evolutionary relationships .
and this suggests a separate evolutionary history and an order-level distinction .
Modern old-Earth creationists support progressive creationism and continue to reject evolutionary explanations .
The five-year waiting period was established in 1954 after an evolutionary process .
Cultural diversity .
Immunoglobulin diversity .
Theological diversity .
Classification and diversity .
Distribution and diversity .
Alberta has considerable ethnic diversity .
Early diversity of bird ancestors .
Allegations of a lack of diversity .
Blue whales also displayed high genetic diversity .
Asterales contain about 14 % of eudicot diversity .
The highest bird diversity occurs in tropical regions .
Christmas Island is well known for its biological diversity .
The genus has a very large ribosomal 16S diversity .
With reduced stabilizing selection phenotypic diversity can also increase .
Cameroon has a high level of religious freedom and diversity .
The ideal observer .
For principal ideal domains .
Mass bamboo die-off provides ideal habitat in East Africa .
This simply means that under ideal conditions ( i.e .
Because this encompasses statements containing abstract ideal objects ( i.e .
Let be the ideal consisting of all multiples of formula_11 .
`` That , for me , was an ideal lineup .
For example , the ideal consists of all multiples of formula_9 .
However , their barrier properties and thermal properties are not ideal .
In particular , Bézout 's identity holds in principal ideal domains .
These widespread areas of wetlands provided ideal conditions for coal formation .
They differ on organisational and economic aspects of their ideal society .
This ideal leader is one who promotes Dharma through his governance .
( In the ideal case , activities are proportional to concentrations . )
According to Investopedia , some analysts think the ideal size is seven .
Part two .
Adding two values .
Axayacatl wrote two poems .
Belfast has two universities .
Differences between the two .
King of two realms .
Node with two children .
Parliament has two chambers .
The two never met .
There are two seasons .
They had two daughters .
They have two children .
following two world wars .
Ballarat has two major hospitals .
Boötes has two bright galaxies .
The two groups overlap substantially .
The armed forces suffered particularly from the overlap .
Both countries also declared their economic zones , which partially overlap .
These fields frequently overlap but tend to use different methodologies and techniques .
The greater primary are moulted in synchrony with the primary that they overlap .
Many caving skills overlap with those involved in canyoning and mine and urban exploration .
Individual tastes and preferences in the area of human sexuality may overlap among these areas .
There may be many other birds that broadly overlap in prey selection to some extent .
Because the curves overlap , some tristimulus values do not occur for any incoming light combination .
Classes have been added late to Common Lisp and there is some conceptual overlap with structures .
In some jurisdictions , such as Australia , Scotland and Ireland , there is little overlap .
Most bird scales do not overlap significantly , except in the cases of kingfishers and woodpeckers .
Red foxes dominate where their ranges begin to overlap by killing Arctic foxes and their kits .
There is no hard-and-fast distinction between them , and these categories overlap to a considerable degree .
As the `` waterfall '' label implies , the basic phases overlap each other : Computer programmer .
6 `` made him a revolutionary . ''
The revolutionary Assembly of Representatives was also dissolved .
He began his career fighting the revolutionary armies of France .
In 1906 , the British Royal Navy launched the revolutionary .
The Fender Bass was a revolutionary instrument for gigging musicians .
The short-lived revolutionary Roman Republic banned capital punishment in 1849 .
They considered themselves the leaders of the revolutionary proletariat of Russia .
In 1911 , revolutionary forces took over the main plaza of Acapulco .
It enabled revolutionary new designs in terms of both structural complexity and dimension .
More newspapers developed in the city , maintaining the revolutionary atmosphere of Aarau .
Collectivist anarchism is a revolutionary socialist form of anarchism commonly associated with Mikhail Bakunin .
Concrete , as the Romans knew it , was a new and revolutionary material .
During this time , a minority of anarchists adopted tactics of revolutionary political violence .
He took part in the Revolutions of 1848 and wrote for a revolutionary newspaper .
It also saw a transition from its previous revolutionary nature to provocative anti-capitalist reformism .
Work on Hopi and descriptive linguistics .
Academics attempting to understand business behavior employ descriptive methods .
These descriptive rules are as follows : Other languages .
There are several dictionaries of Australian English which adopt a descriptive approach .
Business ethics have two dimensions , normative business ethics or descriptive business ethics .
The original ASCII standard used only short descriptive phrases for each control character .
If a descriptive attribute co-occurs with a possessive , the possessive construction ( ) is expected .
Sapir also encouraged Whorf to continue his work on the historical and descriptive linguistics of Uto-Aztecan .
The more idiomatic , concrete and descriptive English is , the more it is from Anglo-Saxon origins .
In some , such evidence may be archaeological and descriptive in nature , rather than a modern practice .
Edmund Husserl writes : `` The analysis of time-consciousness is an age-old crux of descriptive psychology and theory of knowledge .
Martin Heidegger refers to Augustine 's descriptive philosophy at several junctures in his influential work `` Being and Time '' .
The system by which Russians over the ages named their sighthounds was a series of descriptive terms , not actual names .
In descriptive notation , the common opening move 1.e4 is rendered as `` 1.P-K4 '' ( `` pawn to king four '' ) .
Panels are often accompanied by descriptive prose and written narrative , usually , dialogue contained in word balloons emblematic of the comics art form .
to meet with President Kennedy .
... Why should we meet the leaders ? ''
Fat content must meet the Food Labelling Regulations 1996 .
Groups usually meet weekly for two to six months .
Religion needs to come and meet it somewhat . ''
Alexander though would meet her demands and suspend his campaigns .
The two types of epithelia meet at the squamocolumnar junction .
Attlee became the first high-ranking western politician to meet Mao Zedong .
Be good children and we will all meet in Heaven . ''
Common law evolves to meet changing social needs and improved understanding .
She was subsequently flown to Davao to meet President-elect Rodrigo Duterte .
Speer and Sauckel cooperated closely to meet Speer 's labor demands .
The pope summoned a synod of bishops to meet in Rome .
`` N '' AE bipyramids meet along each type AE edge .
`` N '' EE bipyramids meet along each type EE edge .
Alphabetical order .
Alphabetical order .
Book order .
Breadth-first order .
Character order .
Depth-first order .
Spontaneous order .
Standard order .
Word order .
Word order .
Basic constituent order .
Law and order .
American order of battle .
In order of appearance :
Establishing the nun 's order .
Scholars like E.B .
We like each other .
I do n't like them .
It was like 'Rehearse today ?
There is nothing like it .
Ambergris is passed like fecal matter .
Most predictable are events like eclipses .
Occasionally it may feel like heartburn .
Occasionally it may feel like heartburn .
needs strong friends like Dostum . ''
Do what you like with it . ''
It 's like an alter-ego type thing .
It was like going to school . ''
It was like my fingers were frozen .
Life-threatening conditions like cancer also cause anxiety .
The aim of this system is area-mapping , i.e .
The main aim of these forces is to split our country .
Integrated development environments ( I.D.Es ) aim to integrate all such help .
This lets the archer adjust aim with successive shots to achieve accuracy .
Conceptions of beauty aim to capture what is essential to all beautiful things .
Its aim was to ensure the preservation and growth of fighter aircraft production .
The aim of the week is to increase global awareness of antibiotic resistance .
Cars may be single- or double-level , and aim to provide seating for all .
Corporal Collins , however , took aim and shot him through the head . ''
Like in Hinduism , the aim is to prevent the accumulation of harmful karma .
The Government of Armenia 's stated aim is to build a Western-style parliamentary democracy .
The main aim of the plan , however , was to improve public health .
To meet that aim , Brabham and Tauranac set up Motor Racing Developments Ltd .
For almost all Australian football club competitions , the aim is to win the Premiership .
The Portuguese built architecture familiar to them in Europe in their aim to colonize Brazil .
Legends about past lives .
Air flowing past the wire cools the wire .
Inflation has subsided over the past several years .
Inflation has subsided over the past several years .
Investigating , archiving and writing Malaya 's past .
There have sometimes been differences in the past .
Buddhist legends mention stories about Ashoka 's past lives .
In the past , quantities of hydrocarbons were greater .
Notable past and present residents of the town include :
Then he begins to receive predictions by past Buddhas .
These did not progress past a single freshman class .
Arabic weddings have changed greatly in the past 100 years .
Aristotle believed that past experiences are hidden within the mind .
Black metal also has a fascination with the distant past .
A complete atlas of past and present practice has been generated .
Other sources bring Barnabas to Rome and Alexandria .
strategy to bring a stable peace to Bosnia .
Hy bring my by waters waar daar vrede is .
Males kill young to bring the female into estrus .
These schools were intended to bring professors and Ph.D .
Continental air masses bring significant amounts of snowfall during winter .
Outside directors bring outside experience and perspectives to the board .
An AIM-9X Sidewinder had failed to bring down the Syrian jet .
Einstein asked them to help bring Jewish scientists out of Germany .
Beltane morning dew was also thought to bring good luck and health .
Efforts are underway to bring the buildings back to their original appearance .
It was designed particularly to bring wealthy Americans to Paris to shop .
It was intended to bring the railway system into the 20th century .
Thank you for helping to bring down the # wall . '' ''
There was an immediate rush to bring it into the social sciences .
Neoliberal turn .
The post-modern turn .
They frequently turn violent .
Three ATP are produced per turn .
In turn the Marxists called them conservatives .
`` Linguistic turn '' and its debate .
In turn , cities symbolize their home societies .
This , in turn , increases Earth temperature .
Escom , in turn , went bankrupt in 1997 .
Its rise , in turn , stimulated American mathematics .
One turn batting for each team constitutes an inning .
They have the ability to run and turn well .
At the turn of the 19th century , the St .
Function definitions , in turn , contain declarations and statements .
Hecht kept to his promise to Lancaster to turn producer .
society .
society .
Civil society .
Contractual society .
Culture and society .
Customs and society .
Demographics and society .
Effects on society .
Influence on society .
Politics and society .
Population and society .
The board and society .
Western politics and society .
In popular culture and society .
Later medieval administration and society .
It would n't .
Edward would never recover .
Serbia would get zero .
he would ask . ''
I would say center-left '' .
Otherwise he would be overthrown .
There would be one change .
that would lower trade barriers .
Both would become successful film directors .
Game ROM cartridges would boot automatically .
He would appear in 79 pictures .
It would have been so nice .
Klavdia would later die in 1969 .
Schwarzenegger would have voiced the Governator .
So they would combine happily '' .
They frequently turn violent .
Belize has relatively high rates of violent crime .
New Bollywood films are more sexually explicit and violent .
These are further categorized as violent or property crimes .
Tiwanaku was not a violent culture in many respects .
The Islamist militants conducted a violent campaign of civilian massacres .
The city also often experiences violent thunderstorms in summer months .
Combustion instabilities are typically violent pressure oscillations in a combustion chamber .
DeMille had more violent sexual preferences and fetishes than his wife .
On occasion , strong winds from the northeast produce violent sandstorms .
Eisele was startled by the violent jolt caused by activating the SPS .
Finally , the scientist states that BDSM practitioners seldom commit violent crimes .
The 1920s were some of the most violent times in Cape Breton .
The early texts condemn the mental states that lead to violent behavior .
The majority of abortion opponents have not been involved in violent acts .
In human bodies .
Damage to human health .
Evolution of human bipedalism .
Political and human geography .
Political and human geography .
Use as human food .
( see human placentophagy ) .
Arbitrary arrest and human rights .
Birds figure throughout human culture .
Nature of the human being .
One human pursues this ungulate .
Sociopolitical issues and human rights .
They 're not even human .
Law , justice and human rights .
Political repression and human rights abuses .
Academic criticism .
Biblical criticism .
Christian criticism .
Early criticism .
Feminist criticism .
General criticism .
Literary criticism .
Modern criticism .
Scientific criticism .
Analysis and criticism .
Controversy and criticism .
Interpretation and criticism .
Support and criticism .
Continued debate and criticism .
Early criticism and rejection .
Chad is demographically diverse .
Alkynes undergo diverse cycloaddition reactions .
Canada has a diverse climate .
Algerian cuisine is rich and diverse .
Asia has extremely diverse climate features .
Asian mythology is complex and diverse .
Chad is a religiously diverse country .
Cleveland 's downtown architecture is diverse .
Painted surfaces are similarly richly diverse .
Polymerization can proceed via diverse mechanisms .
Aarhus has a robust and diverse nightlife .
Bitola 's population itself was greatly diverse .
Botswana has diverse areas of wildlife habitat .
Current laws pertaining to abortion are diverse .
Native American cultures are numerous and diverse .
These include :
These include :
They include :
Cymbal types include :
Notable examples include :
Examples include the U.S .
Examples include the U.S .
Museums in Botswana include :
Other risks include depression .
Species include : Ecology .
Species include : Uses .
Systems incorporating color-coding include :
These include : Canada .
They include : History .
They include : Rivalries .
The term leaf is also inconsistent .
He was an inconsistent student who showed flashes of brilliance .
The Bohr–Sommerfeld model was fundamentally inconsistent and led to many paradoxes .
In those studies showing a protective effect , the data are inconsistent .
Alcott 's philosophical teachings have been criticized as inconsistent , hazy or abrupt .
But the Yankees were plagued by injuries , erratic pitching and inconsistent play .
Roma returned to form after being inconsistent for much of the late 1930s .
In practice , the estimates of treatment-effects from observational studies generally are often inconsistent .
Criticism of anarchism include claims that it is internally inconsistent , violent , or utopian .
Testing one factor at a time hides interactions , but produces apparently inconsistent experimental results .
In `` Theory of War , '' Kondylis claims that this is inconsistent with Clausewitzian thought .
Mainstream economic research regarding Austrian business cycle theory finds that it is inconsistent with empirical evidence .
The primary effectiveness issue with using condoms to prevent STDs , however , is inconsistent use .
Although the first genetic linkage finding for mania was in 1969 , linkage studies have been inconsistent .
Antacids can slow down absorption of some benzodiazepines ; however , this effect is marginal and inconsistent .
Arrhenius definition .
Brønsted–Lowry definition .
Explicit definition .
Formal definition .
Formal definition .
Formal definition .
Formal definition .
Formal definition .
Formal definition .
Functional-style definition .
General definition .
High definition .
Hyperreal definition .
Hypothesis definition .
Imperative-style definition .
Associated terminology .
Current terminology .
Modern terminology .
Classification and terminology .
Definitions and terminology .
Differences in terminology .
Etymology and terminology .
Etymology and terminology .
History and terminology .
Name and terminology .
A note on terminology .
ANOVA uses traditional standardized terminology .
Etymology , terminology , and definition .
Some terminology is associated with these parametric curves .
This ambiguous terminology is usually clarified by context .
Malay word .
Calculate word frequencies .
Sum last word .
Origin of the word .
The primary word order is subject–verb–object .
The word 's etymology is unknown .
Etymology and earlier uses of the word .
Etymology of the word `` Basque '' .
However , word order is very flexible .
Most regional differences are in word usage .
Possession is colloquially expressed by word order .
Sources disagree on the word 's meaning .
The origin of the word is uncertain .
Divergent usages of the word `` adiabatic '' .
Syntactic relations are mainly determined by word order .
Regional ruler .
As ruler of Fergana .
Sole ruler of Rome .
Aurangzeb was an orthodox Muslim ruler .
ruler of people ) in Old Turkic .
11a ) , ruler over the whole world .
He was the first Muslim ruler of Brunei .
The accession was endorsed by the Samanid ruler Nuh II .
The military-educated Carrera was a heavy-handed ruler who aroused widespread opposition .
The ruler , Raja Sutamla , had fled before his approach .
He was the last great ruler of Egypt before the Persian conquest .
Yazdegerd proceeded to Soghd , whose ruler supplied him a large army .
Yazdegerd proceeded to Soghd whose ruler supplied him with a large army .
Attila interfered in a succession struggle after the death of a Frankish ruler .
Cinyras was a ruler of Cyprus , who was a friend of Agamemnon .
Thus the first binary prefix was born .
The prefix `` ba- '' specifically refers to people .
Huffman coding is the most known algorithm for deriving prefix codes .
Sulfur-containing analogs of oxygen compounds often have the prefix `` thio- '' .
Country calling codes are prefix codes and can be organized as a tree .
Simple cycloalkanes have a prefix `` cyclo- '' to distinguish them from alkanes .
The `` benzo '' prefix indicates the benzene ring fused onto the diazepine ring .
The country code for Belgium is 32 and the international call prefix is 00 .
The prefix `` '' N '' - '' shows substitution on the nitrogen atom .
Plural is indicated by a change of class , with a resulting change of prefix .
Sometimes the `` verb '' may even acquire a derivational prefix that changes its meaning .
Copulative a is the Greek prefix ἁ- or ἀ- `` ha- '' , `` a- '' .
Kraft 's inequality characterizes the sets of codeword lengths that are possible in a prefix code .
The first terabyte ( SI prefix , bytes ) hard disk drive was introduced in 2007 .
The word is from Greek α- negative prefix + -τάξις = `` lack of order '' .
Political leader .
Pro-democracy leader Dr .
As a spiritual leader .
Emergence as Republican leader .
Opposition leader ; 1874 election .
Bill Hayden succeeded Whitlam as leader .
The Upper Canada rebellion leader W.L .
In May 1947 , flight leader Lt .
Its most vocal leader was William Miller .
Séléka leader Michel Djotodia declared himself President .
The leader of the leftists , Capt .
First term as Prime Minister ; Opposition leader .
Jephthah became the leader in resisting these incursions .
Takeda Nobuhiro killed the Ainu leader , Koshamain .
The leader was Hiera , wife of Telephus .
Prevalent meaning .
Historical names and meaning .
Symbolic meaning of beads .
It has no specific meaning .
Original intended meaning of Scripture .
The meaning of this is obscure .
meaning `` Ai n't it ? ''
Genre , meaning , symbolism and chronology .
Sources disagree on the word 's meaning .
There are different interpretations of its meaning .
; the particular meaning is deduced from context .
Evolution of meaning in 19th and 20th century .
Munírih is a title meaning `` Luminous '' .
Robot and semantics replies : finding the meaning .
That term now has a more specific meaning .
origin .
Anatolian origin .
Botanical origin .
By origin .
Dorian origin .
Ethnic origin .
Historical origin .
Human origin .
Minoan origin .
Name origin .
Reputed origin .
origin . ''
Asian origin religions .
Horse racing origin .
Roman lay origin .
Impressed current anode .
Other current uses .
The current U.S .
Alternating and direct current .
Factual and current affairs .
News and current affairs .
Origin and current state .
Church member and current U.S .
Origin of the current celebration .
That is the current recommendation .
The current champion is Stockfish .
The current expansion of St .
codice_16 contains the current filename .
Electric current produces a magnetic field .
History of psychotherapy and current recommendations .
Brunei eventually descended into anarchy .
With no effective central authority France dissolved into near anarchy .
The suffix `` -ism '' denotes the ideological current that favours anarchy .
After Talha 's death in 683–684 , a virtual anarchy was unleashed amongst Sistan 's Arabs .
The Alien Act and the Sedition Act were meant to guard against this perceived threat of anarchy .
He denounced secession as anarchy , and explained that majority rule had to be balanced by constitutional restraints .
Frank Miller views the character as `` a dionysian figure , a force for anarchy that imposes an individual order '' .
Instead of portraying the danger and anarchy of the West , he portrayed the opportunity and redemption found in Western America .
Religious liberty was equated with anarchy ; Kropotkin traces the birth of anarchist thought in Europe to these early Anabaptist communities .
Later editions included the Twelve Traditions , first adopted in 1946 to formalize and unify the fellowship as a `` benign anarchy '' .
These writers and artists brought with them their own mature themes and philosophy such as anarchy , controversy and politics common in British media .
Many Loyalists felt that independence was bound to come eventually , but they were fearful that revolution might lead to anarchy , tyranny , or mob rule .
Martin also argues that a non-objective account of ethics might be acceptable and challenges the view that a subjective account of morality would lead to moral anarchy .
`` Anarchism '' appears in English from 1642 as `` anarchisme '' and `` anarchy '' from 1539 ; early English usages emphasised a sense of disorder .
As anarchism does not offer a fixed body of doctrine from a single particular worldview , many anarchist types and traditions exist and varieties of anarchy diverge widely .
Bipolar disorder .
Bipolar disorder .
Bipolar disorder .
Bipolar disorder .
Obsessive–compulsive disorder .
Panic disorder .
Panic disorder .
Panic disorder .
Colony collapse disorder .
Generalized anxiety disorder .
Generalized anxiety disorder .
Major depressive disorder .
Major depressive disorder .
Social anxiety disorder .
Depression and bipolar disorder .
sense .
Bäumer describes Kat as possessing a sixth sense .
However expressions of the form formula_141 make sense .
In this sense , its use began ca .
She did it from a sense of duty .
Aristotle did not do experiments in the modern sense .
I presumably had a sense of somber events . ''
In this sense , Aristotle 's biology is scientific .
In this sense , Christianity arrived `` early '' .
Otherwise there would be no sense in distinguishing from .
Axiology is usually interested in the predicative sense of goodness .
Dovzhenko had obviously understood wherein the sense of life resides .
In a sense , he is the antithesis of Dagny .
In that sense , almost all complex numbers are transcendental .
Information from the sense organs is collected in the brain .
Natural factors also contribute .
Punjabi instruments contribute to bhangra .
Beavers may contribute to climate change .
Its waters contribute to the Comoé National Park .
The 2s electrons of beryllium may contribute to chemical bonding .
Thus it might contribute to the development of new species .
Blank will contribute additional money for cost overruns if it is needed .
Hops contribute floral , citrus , and herbal aromas and flavours to beer .
Moreover , pandemic burdens on some healthcare systems may contribute to antibiotic-resistant infections .
Of the total drainage area only about actively contribute water to the river .
Typically however only a few residues contribute to most of the binding energy .
80 % of nonprofit organizations require board members to personally contribute to the organization .
Books like Bhagavat Gita and Arthashastra contribute a lot towards conduct of ethical business .
Mayo politicians would continue to contribute to the national political scene over the decades .
The studio decided to contribute half of the film 's $ 12 million budget .
Electricity generation .
Electricity generation .
High-level generation .
Low-level generation .
hydroelectric generation .
Address generation unit .
Random number generation .
Rules for generation .
Second generation antidepressants .
Fifth generation ( 1990s ) .
First generation ( 1920s ) .
Fourth generation ( 1970s–1980s ) .
Second generation ( 1930s–1940s ) .
Sixth generation ( 2000s–present ) .
Third generation ( 1950s–1960s ) .
Ancient use .
Commercial use .
Contemporary use .
Contemporary use .
Current use .
Early use .
Generic use .
Global use .
Human use .
Land use .
Land use .
Land use .
Land use .
Later use .
Liturgical use .
Origin and birth .
Reproduction and birth .
Life expectancy at birth .
Origins and place of birth .
Titles and honours from birth .
Listed chronologically by date of birth .
Ichabod 's mother died at his birth .
The birth rate was 25.41 in 2004 .
Unassisted birth of healthy puppies is normal .
BCG vaccine can be administered after birth intradermally .
Heart defects are the most common birth defect .
Lactantius believed Hermes Trismegistus had prophesied its birth .
Other sources state 1659 as year of birth .
Several legends surround Alexander 's birth and childhood .
She gave birth to a son named Amphissus .
His call sign is amphisbaena .
Mission insignia and call signs .
Mission insignia and call signs .
Mission insignia and call signs .
Umpires rarely make this call .
Others call it the Myhill–Landweber–Kuroda theorem .
Spacecraft , equipment and call signs .
Costas 's call : Jordan with 43 .
Costas 's call : The 0–1 pitch .
His amateur radio call sign is JP1DPJ .
Some groups call their belief evolutionary creationism .
This call forced states to choose sides .
This is what we call navel today .
Tokens allow a call of indefinite duration .
Tokens allow a call of indefinite duration .
The philosopher Simone Weil was his sister .
Buddhist philosopher Keiji Nishitani sought to distance Buddhism from Schopenhauer .
The ancestors of the philosopher Baruch Spinoza were Portuguese Jews .
The philosopher and astronomer Rabbi Abraham ibn Ezra ( c .
American mathematician and philosopher Norbert Wiener also contributed to this theory .
Ayer was a strong critic of the German philosopher Martin Heidegger .
He was the first prominent philosopher who demanded tolerance for atheists .
So he has been nicknamed `` the artist 's philosopher '' .
He was also a philosopher of science and a populariser of science .
It is named after the 18th-century Irish bishop and philosopher George Berkeley .
Schopenhauer remained the most influential German philosopher until the First World War .
Canadian philosopher Christopher Tindale approaches the `` tu quoque '' fallacy somewhat differently .
For the 18th-century Scottish philosopher David Hume reason is dominated by the passions .
German philosopher Immanuel Kant devised an argument from morality based on practical reason .
He was a Greek philosopher with a sense that everybody was equal . ''
Most common .
Less common adjuncts .
See common assault .
common chimpanzee ) .
Grilling meats was common .
In common law countries .
Medieval English common law .
Roman Dutch common law .
A common brand is Tums .
Alternatives to common law systems .
Basic principles of common law .
Cycloaddition reactions are not common .
Fishing is another common activity .
Flogging during roll-call was common .
Inter-subspecific hybrids have been common .
Political beginning .
At the beginning of vol .
Four aircraft were delivered beginning in 2012 .
Speer was involved virtually from the beginning .
at the beginning of the 16th century .
$ 20 Federal reserve note beginning in 1928 .
Despite its inauspicious beginning , the CPU thrived .
It was the beginning of his third exile .
It was the beginning of their lifelong friendship .
Midnight Breakfast marks the beginning of finals week .
At the beginning of 1998 value-added tax was introduced .
At the beginning of the 19th century , G.A .
Lovelace was often ill , beginning in early childhood .
This is reflected throughout the beginning of Hosea 2 .
pop singles chart beginning on August 8 , 1931 .
In particular languages .
to their particular needs .
Beryllium mirrors are of particular interest .
Each side had its own particular concerns .
In particular , formula_88 and formula_89 for .
Oblates are affiliated with a particular monastery .
; the particular meaning is deduced from context .
Cardinals governing a particular church retain that church .
Every thermodynamic system exists in a particular state .
Some areas of particular concentration are surveyed below .
This particular ecological niche buffered them from extinction .
Twenty ministers are in charge of particular activities .
A particular stream of influence of Calvinism concerns art .
Blaine placed particular importance on the control of Cuba .
Gender constructs are of particular interest when studying sexism .
may refer to :
may refer to :
ACN may refer to :
AM may refer to :
ASP may refer to :
ATP may refer to :
Aba may refer to :
Abduction may refer to :
Abingdon may refer to :
Abitibi may refer to :
Absorption may refer to :
Ada may refer to :
Adder may refer to :
Affinity may refer to :
Ajax may refer to :
Current associate justices .
Retired associate justices .
List of associate justices .
Einstein was appointed associate professor in 1909 .
Historically , associate justices were styled `` Mr .
It is unknown when they began to associate .
Some modern researchers associate Kheuveren with Koyuk River .
Currently , the senior associate justice is Clarence Thomas .
It is an associate member of the Caribbean Community .
Botswana is an associate member of the International Cricket Council .
There are currently eight associate justices on the Supreme Court .
Toffler was an associate editor of `` Fortune '' magazine .
An associate member of Mercosur and a full member of APEC .
He was an associate of the British Institution of Electrical Engineers .
ESCAP ( associate ) , Interpol ( subbureau ) , IOC , SPC
Actualists are only concerned with the actual consequences .
His thesis concerned communication in distributed computer systems .
Existentialist philosophers were concerned mainly with ethics and religion .
`` Municipal engineering '' is concerned with municipal infrastructure .
There are several large conferences that are concerned with bioinformatics .
`` Coastal engineering '' is concerned with managing coastal areas .
Bruce rejects the device , concerned the technology could manipulate minds .
Moral rights are concerned with the non-economic rights of a creator .
Feminist anthropologists are often concerned with the construction of gender across societies .
One of the more famous edicts concerned the status of sick slaves .
The case concerned the power of the directors to issue new shares .
There are similar foundational differences where the act of procreation is concerned .
This article is concerned with consonant sounds , however they are written .
Below are some of the main topics that cognitive science is concerned with .
Lincoln was concerned that Grant might be considering a presidential candidacy in 1864 .
Acceptance testing in extreme programming .
Organizations working to end extreme poverty .
Interior Alaska experiences extreme seasonal temperature variability .
which are notorious for their extreme difficulty .
Occasionally , extreme measures against cycling may occur .
Arkansas is known for extreme weather and frequent storms .
Cocos Island is the southwestern extreme of the country .
On the extreme left was the hamlet of Papelotte .
This is related to the theory of extreme momentariness .
Black metal is an extreme subgenre of heavy metal music .
Even more extreme , the Pahlavi abjad eventually became logographic .
The most extreme form involves the production of clonal offspring .
In the extreme case this is merger arbitrage , described below .
In the interior northeast , seasonal rainfall is even more extreme .
Several boron compounds are known for their extreme hardness and toughness .
Competitions , plebiscite and adoption .
5:18 ) and adoption ( Rom .
The adoption of the red jersey happened in the 1950 tour .
Core Specification Addendum 4 has an adoption date of 12 February 2013 .
The adoption of the 21 cm Nebelwerfer-derived `` Werfer-Granate 21 '' ( Wfr .
This led to the adoption of different tunnelling techniques on the two sides .
Upon his adoption , Octavius assumed his great-uncle 's name Gaius Julius Caesar .
adoption of serious investigations into nuclear weapons on the eve of the U.S .
Core Specification Addendum 3 revision 2 has an adoption date of 24 July 2012 .
Historians and biographers have disagreed about which factors most influenced his adoption of spiritualism .
He predicted the worldwide adoption of Lawsonian principles once `` everybody understands this subject '' .
The Bluetooth SIG announced formal adoption of the Bluetooth v4.1 specification on 4 December 2013 .
The elect are therefore predestined to sonship through adoption , glorification , and eternal life .
This adoption came from the recognition of territorial missile defense as a core alliance objective .
It has the power to review legislation , treaties and international agreements prior to their adoption .
Mobile vanguard .
Surrender of the French vanguard .
He moved to attack Norfolk 's vanguard .
They `` were in the vanguard of environmentalism in Australia .
The French vanguard and main battle numbered respectively 4,800 and 3,000 men-at-arms .
Albret , Boucicaut and almost all the leading noblemen were assigned stations in the vanguard .
In a running battle , Hipper successfully drew the British vanguard into the path of the High Seas Fleet .
When the Anglo-Gascon vanguard reached Chauvigny most of the French army had already crossed and marched on towards Poitiers .
Taken together , these composers can be seen as the vanguard of a broad change in style and the center of music .
Hiding his main body of troops in a wood , he stationed as bait a smaller vanguard in open ground before the wood .
In this way , he and his followers stood in the vanguard of resistance to political absolutism and furthered the cause of democracy .
They were attacked by the Persian vanguard who had made a night march in an attempt to catch the Romans at Amida off guard .
Abdullah b. Amir went to Khorasan from Kerman in 650 and set out along with a vanguard of Tamimi Arabs and 1,000 asawira via Quhistan .
Richard 's vanguard , commanded by Norfolk , attacked but struggled against Oxford 's men , and some of Norfolk 's troops fled the field .
The windmill lay between the core battlefield and Richard 's camp on Ambion Hill and the rout of Norfolk 's vanguard was in this direction .
Third party licenses .
Formation of Ainu political party .
His party gained four seats .
The wedding party was small .
He is from the Conservative party .
Forming a separate party ( 1912 ) .
The expression bachelor party is recorded 1882 .
A one party state was enacted in 1975 .
Final attempt at party unity ( 1910 ) .
From Geneva , the party moved to Paris .
He later joined Rabbani 's Jamiat-e Islami party .
He officially rejoined the Republican party in 1994 .
His party grew in the next ten years .
Republicans linked Lincoln 's name to their party .
Martí was elected delegate , the highest party position .
I really do .
Yes I do .
How do you do ?
I do n't know .
I do n't know .
So do most adolescents .
highway to do so .
Galileo agreed to do so .
I do n't like them .
Marsyas could not do this .
Oh , do not cry .
Orioles do not claim St .
These documents do not exist .
They do n't talk . ''
What can I do ? ''
Electoral term .
Completion of term .
See Colour term .
The term Bollywood .
The term broadband .
Origin of the term .
Other uses of term .
Scope of the term .
The term is derived .
Final campaign and Senate term .
First term ( 1993–1997 ) .
He used the term Hamitic .
It is his fifth term .
Modern uses of the term .
Second term ( 1997–2001 ) .
In civil law countries .
Revolution as civil war .
Stance on civil rights .
Christian bishops and civil government .
Enclaves and new civil liberties .
Julius Caesar 's civil war .
Local support for civil rights .
Abraham was a senior civil servant .
Bifurcation of civil and criminal appeals .
Great migration and civil rights movement .
Political landscape after the civil war .
Bulgaria has a civil law legal system .
There is an established non-political civil service .
refugees of the Syrian civil war ) .
Chile 's legal system is civil law based .
Cross-dressing is not synonymous with being transgender .
Their alternative definition is synonymous to Avifilopluma .
Home in this context is synonymous with family roots .
Preference for some synonymous words also differ between states .
Smoke haze became synonymous with the 2019/2020 Australian summer .
At some point , became synonymous with whale ( cf .
For the next thirty years Gladstone and Liberalism were synonymous .
Consequently , the name `` DeMille '' has become synonymous with filmmaking .
For inorganic chemists , homogeneous catalysis is often synonymous with organometallic catalysts .
In these countries , common law is considered synonymous with case law .
The phrase is nearly synonymous with the phrase `` hornbook law '' .
The term `` computing '' is also synonymous with counting and calculating .
With their demotion from a primary branch , Proto-Mon–Khmer becomes synonymous with Proto-Austroasiatic .
She made Foxford synonymous throughout the world with high-quality tweeds , rugs and blankets .
Another synonymous term , usually used in the United Kingdom is `` trite law '' .
Annual cultural events .
Annual cultural events .
Collective cultural trauma .
Other cultural associations .
Other cultural views .
Archaeological and cultural importance .
Etymology and cultural significance .
Globalization and cultural impact .
History and cultural importance .
Legacy and cultural influence .
See also cultural movements .
Topics in cultural anthropology .
cultural colonization of Japan .
Annual cultural events and festivals .
for economic and cultural reasons .
These tests were negative .
Long-term negative effects are not known .
Some prominent critics wrote negative reviews .
Beck also described a negative cognitive triad .
In negative sentences , the order changes .
These have both positive and negative aspects .
Fans who flaunt their knowledge receive negative reactions .
In rare cases , formula_57 can be negative .
The overall environmental impact is almost certainly negative .
Chinese mathematicians were the first to use negative numbers .
Ionic bonding leads to separate positive and negative ions .
The album was given negative reviews by many critics .
The natural growth rate of the population is negative .
This creates a base negative charge on the anode .
What happens if `` negative '' numbers are entered ?
I avoid writers .
Newspapers routinely self-censor to avoid government reprisals .
They avoid syncretism and eclecticism ( i.e .
Creators of algorithmic languages try to avoid ambiguities .
Other amphibians use camouflage to avoid being detected .
Residents generally wanted to avoid a civil war .
We use that freedom to avoid paradoxes . ''
Congressman Stoneman leaves to avoid being connected with Lt .
This is simply a notational convention to avoid parentheses .
Topical analgesia is generally recommended to avoid systemic side-effects .
Adult males of similar size/age tend to avoid one another .
Coal bed methane extraction is important to avoid mining accidents .
Other residents also converted to avoid the `` jizya '' .
Patients can choose private health care to avoid waiting lists .
People try to avoid any action that might displease Paluga .
There are also ontologies which describe phenotypes .
4.57 % of the population describe themselves as non-religious .
Karl Popper would also describe himself as an agnostic .
Other terms are also commonly used to describe condoms .
The following sections describe the choices and implementations available .
This makes it possible to describe very general operations .
Guidelines for using Morpholinos in zebrafish describe appropriate control strategies .
The following articles describe some coastal landforms : In geology .
91 BC ) mention and describe a Xia dynasty ( c .
Collectors have created systems to describe the overall condition of coins .
Lessig coined the term permission culture to describe a worst-case system .
Physicists use the term anisotropy to describe direction-dependent properties of materials .
Some use `` body stress '' to describe this physiological sensation .
The CIE chromaticity diagram can be used to describe the gamut .
The term was originally used to describe variations in chemical structure .
Dynamics are used to highlight the structural characteristics of the piece .
The museum is also known to highlight gender perspective in their exhibitions .
Hopkins described his role as Sir as `` the highlight of my life .
Another often overlooked highlight is Yemeni antiquities , the finest collection outside that country .
Braille users highlight that braille remains as essential as print is to the sighted .
James Berardinelli called the film entertaining , with the highlight being the production design .
Swift uses the proposer 's serious tone to highlight the absurdity of his proposal .
When done properly , the `` ceremony '' is a highlight of the evening .
The statue was meant to highlight Cosimo 's goal of establishing a Florentine Naval force .
He deified his paternal grandmother Livia to highlight her position as wife of the divine Augustus .
The highlight of the second day in orbit ( March 4 ) was three SPS burns .
The short program at the 1988 United States Figure Skating Championships proved to be a highlight .
A particular highlight are the three Sámi drums from northern Sweden of which only about 70 are extant .
It highlight Gregorio Vásquez de Arce in Colombia , and Juan Rodríguez Juárez and Miguel Cabrera in Mexico .
Scholars of anarchism generally highlight anarchism 's socialist credentials and criticise attempts at creating dichotomies between the two .
Disambiguation attempts to decrease the likelihood of misunderstanding .
This divergence of use can lead to misunderstanding .
However , possibly because of a misunderstanding , fighting resumed .
Part of the misunderstanding stemmed from ignorance of the concepts of God and religion .
Although neither side had intended to resort to lethal combat , a misunderstanding led to the fight .
As with other works by Le Guin , evil is shown as a misunderstanding of the balance of life .
Message repetition and feedback about message received are necessary in the presence of noise to reduce the probability of misunderstanding .
However , it is frequently presented as `` people/army/government , '' a misunderstanding based on a later paragraph in the same section .
The difference in short-form date order can lead to misunderstanding , especially when using software or equipment that uses the foreign format .
The goal of clear concise communication is that the receiver ( s ) have no misunderstanding about what was meant to be conveyed .
There were other positive reviews , but Rand dismissed most of them for either misunderstanding her message or for being in unimportant publications .
Amway denied wrongdoing , blaming the case on a misunderstanding by distributors , and settled the case out of court for $ 9 million .
Germany was not invited because of tensions after the war ; The United States , misunderstanding the purpose of the exhibit , declined to participate .
The film made it easy for readers of the book to misunderstand what it was about , and the misunderstanding will pursue me until I die .
However , due to a misunderstanding between Oliver Cromwell ( guest-star Warren Clarke ) and Baldrick , the king is arrested and sent to the Tower of London .
Denominations that reject apostolic succession .
However , most historians reject the argument .
Most contemporary creationist organizations reject such perspectives .
Other psychologists and neuroscientists reject these arguments .
Croats reject loanwords in favor of Croatian counterparts .
Indeed , most Arminians reject all accusations of Pelagianism .
As opposed to anarchists , most anarcho-capitalists reject the commons .
Some critics reject the distinction between positive and negative rights .
Some groups reject copyright altogether , taking an anti-copyright stance .
Foreman does not reject Woodin 's argument outright but urges caution .
For this reason , many Chicanos reject the term `` Hispanic '' .
Modern old-Earth creationists support progressive creationism and continue to reject evolutionary explanations .
The creditors have 45 days to accept or reject the consumer proposal .
The president must sign or reject newly passed laws within 15 days .
Traditional anarchists reject the notion of capitalism , hierarchies and private property .
Design principles .
General principles .
General principles .
Guiding principles .
Modern principles .
Social principles .
Basic principles of common law .
Acts has two key structural principles .
For example : Eight principles of diagnosis .
Administrative law in Germany follows three basic principles .
Chemical engineering involves the application of several principles .
Its principles are especially important in chemical engineering .
Both are studying aikido principles of blending and adaptation .
Educational analog computers illustrated the principles of analog calculation .
Experimental designs sustain those basic principles of experimental statistics .
Baryonic matter .
Dark matter .
Dark matter .
Exotic matter .
Accretion of matter .
States of matter .
History of condensed matter physics .
Ambergris is passed like fecal matter .
However , the matter is complex .
The matter is not yet settled .
Fission , high-energy physics and condensed matter .
Rule 6.08 addresses this matter as well .
Grip choice is a matter of personal preference .
Guatemalans voted 95 % yes on the matter .
Their origin is a matter of some controversy .
Vision and hearing are two dominant senses that allow us to perceive the environment .
The Continuity IRA and RSF perceive themselves as forming a `` true '' Republican Movement .
Beauty is commonly described as a feature of objects that makes these objects pleasurable to perceive .
Dirac tried to argue that we would perceive this as the normal state of zero charge .
Human eyes perceive blue when observing light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 450–495 nanometres .
Bell believed that there were two other ways that humans could perceive and interact with the world .
Governments use laws and regulations to point business behavior in what they perceive to be beneficial directions .
Humans use facial movements to create , what other humans perceive , to be faces of emotions .
Some viewers perceive anthropomorphic stylisation—the tree supposedly exhibiting human qualities such as the drapery of its limbs .
Confucius believed that social disorder often stemmed from failure to perceive , understand , and deal with reality .
Nonetheless , members of the public are much less likely than scientists to perceive GM foods as safe .
Nonetheless , members of the public are much less likely than scientists to perceive GM foods as safe .
This required the reading finger to move in order to perceive the whole symbol which slowed the reading process .
Eventually , other tribes began to perceive the Trojans and their leader Trór ( Thor in Old Norse ) as gods .
In his doctoral thesis , Adriaan de Groot showed that chess masters can rapidly perceive the key features of a position .
Perspectives of various disciplines .
Conduction mechanisms in various media .
Use in various music genres .
Abalones are subject to various diseases .
Afghans come from various ethnic backgrounds .
Brown bears also produce various vocalizations .
Constitutions include various rights and duties .
Discovery and recognition of various elements .
He supports other various philanthropic groups .
Spontaneous abortion occurs in various animals .
There are various types of anxiety .
Variations of TCOL supported various languages .
Arsenic may be solubilized by various processes .
Equipped with various British aircraft , No .
It depends on various levels of kamma .
Further discussion .
Olympic sport discussion .
It merely simplifies the discussion .
Many writers—perhaps the majority—avoid the discussion entirely .
The loss contributes to the speed discussion above .
The two get into a discussion about lying .
( For a discussion , see Celtic languages . )
See comparison of Unicode encodings for a detailed discussion .
In their discussion of the findings , Kaskautas et al .
Most of the discussion consists of attempts to refute it .
( See Charles Santiago Sanders Peirce for discussion and references ) .
A more complete discussion of the new process is available below .
Again there was a total lack of interest and no discussion .
Another philosophical tool for the discussion of abstraction is thought space .
For a more detailed discussion , see also Differential Galois theory .
opposition .
1930s opposition .
Pashtun opposition .
Satnami opposition .
Sikh opposition .
Return to opposition .
Support and opposition .
Chemical revolution and opposition .
Internal opposition and foreign relations .
The regime banned opposition activities .
Subsequent public hearings drew neighborhood opposition .
The opposition had boycotted the referendum .
Vietnam War opposition and draft controversy .
We needed a loyal opposition . ''
He held a vague opposition to Prohibition .
Activities of central banks .
Goals of central banks .
Naming of central banks .
The central column is .
25 minutes from central Bonn ) .
The central figure in the story .
Axonal injury can also cause central chromatolysis .
Its central datatype is the multidimensional array .
Land is the central topic of Joshua .
The central bank took over foreign debts .
The central development was binary code systems .
Brussels ' central boulevards are above sea level .
It occupies a central place in Christian eschatology .
Justification by faith was made a central teaching .
South and central Germany , Austria and Alsace .
Does P mean `` easy '' ?
Deleting records from a database is relatively easy .
We 're just going to take it easy .
A Bakhmull 's gait should be easy and springy .
However , a unified standard was easy to create .
It is easy to align and simple in circuitry .
Both are easy to work and slightly soluble in water .
These chromosomes are typically viewed as karyograms for easy comparison .
Both acrylic and watercolor are easy to clean up with water .
Painting outdoors , she used watercolors which are easy to carry .
For example , eliminating dependence on the electrical grid is relatively easy .
Furthermore , controlled fuel injection turned out to be no easy matter .
In one dimension , the result is intuitive and easy to prove .
The Erie Canal with its easy connections to most of the U.S .
To try to replicate that 30 years on would n't be easy .
AI is relevant to any intellectual task .
Task entries are declared in the task specification .
The travel was a mammoth task in itself .
Each task requires a given task duration for completion .
His main task was to levy and collect tax .
It took another 76 years before this task was completed .
It was this task for which Colossus was initially designed .
And that was a task worthy of Wally 's interest . ''
Combinatorial analysis and/or computer simulation is necessary to complete the task .
Crow accepted the recommendations of the task force in November 2014 .
The task resolution system is based on rolls of percentile dice .
An additional task of all quaestors was the supervision of public games .
He was moving rapidly from task to task as time ran out .
His task is to rebuild the walls and to re-populate the city .
Special types provided by the language are task types and protected types .
The police pursue Vornoff through the woods .
Business of various kinds , they might likewise pursue . ''
that worried mothers may pursue more aggressive testing of their infants .
`` Orion '' and `` Defence '' were unable to immediately pursue .
His devout sister Jennie disapproves of Liddell 's plans to pursue competitive running .
In 1998 , Stochansky left to pursue a solo career as a singer-songwriter .
This is a false information , as Fleming continued to pursue penicillin research .
Under this legislation beagles may still pursue rabbits with the landowner 's permission .
Boeing decided instead to pursue a shortened four-engine 747 , resulting in the 747SP .
Cost is another big factor in a person 's decision to pursue the bassoon .
Monsanto has claimed it will not pursue farmers who retain seeds of off-patent varieties .
He credited his method with allowing him to pursue his passion for performing Shakespearean recitations .
Her lawyer stated that her legal team would pursue a new appeal within 60 days .
The Royalists then began to pursue Essex and the Parliamentarian infantry down the river valley .
The reform was done in pursue for higher GDP growth and greater tax collection rates .
In nature .
Physical nature .
Religious nature .
Distribution in nature .
Occurrence in nature .
Occurrence in nature .
Parks and nature .
Science and nature .
Shengtong and Buddha nature .
The nature of God .
Alkynes in nature and medicine .
Autobiographical works are by nature subjective .
Bases are mostly bitter in nature .
Extent and nature of the atonement .
Parks , nature , and recreation .
However , his suggestion found little acceptance .
There was even a suggestion that Aristotle may have participated .
The name had originated through a suggestion by Right Wing Pilot Lt .
An alternative suggestion proposes derivation from `` * alah '' `` sanctuary '' .
The star was placed there at the suggestion of his replacement , Bean .
The suggestion that `` Alabama '' was borrowed from the Choctaw language is unlikely .
Album '' was recorded at Maharishi International University in Iowa at the suggestion of Love .
Following the Muslim victory , Muhammad accepted Abu Bakr 's suggestion to ransom the captives .
However , he has since incorporated fish and lean proteins at the suggestion of Dr .
Petty 's suggestion created friction with Holly , who had also started to question Petty 's bookkeeping .
The Board later approved his suggestion ; he then gave Newton it is official and full backing .
In 1918 , the party renamed itself the Russian Communist Party ( Bolsheviks ) at Lenin 's suggestion .
One suggestion is that they were used for defense , but their shape and size make this unlikely .
Pinchot wrote McCreight , `` we shall all be indebted to you for having made the suggestion . ''
When an adolescent Ambrosius speaks of his father , there is no suggestion that this father is deceased .
Turing had such an apparatus set up in his tiny spare room .
Consequently , the state apparatus is utilized to advance national business interests abroad .
He experimented with designing a new apparatus for human propulsion of small boats .
The first successful apparatus for HDC-on-a-chip system was proposed by Chmela , et al .
The apparatus consisted of a dark chamber with a small aperture that let light in .
The biblical narrative of conquest has been used as an apparatus of critique against Zionism .
Their sound detecting apparatus has limited range and is typically more powerful at lower frequencies .
But when the apparatus registers one of those outcomes , no traces of the others linger .
For harmonic synthesis , Koenig also built a large apparatus based on his `` wave siren '' .
Measuring the angle between the string-ball apparatus and the vertical gives an estimate of the wind speed .
Argon is preferred to less expensive nitrogen in cases where nitrogen may react with the reagents or apparatus .
However , due to the difficulty of fabricating large toroidal prisms , this apparatus had a 16-sided polygonal plan .
Precision measurement of magnitude ( photometry ) requires calibration of the photographic or ( usually ) electronic detection apparatus .
Lavoisier and Laplace designed an ice calorimeter apparatus for measuring the amount of heat given off during combustion or respiration .
The apparatus was stored at Bordeaux for the winter , and then reassembled at Cordouan Lighthouse under Fresnel 's supervision .
Distinctives of Anglican belief .
Philippines ' native belief .
maintains a belief in conspiracy theories .
Some groups call their belief evolutionary creationism .
And that 's kind of a religious belief .
This belief was shared by many early Christians .
The current belief is that these cells were heterotrophs .
Confucius 's principles have commonality with Chinese tradition and belief .
Several different and sometimes conflicting belief systems emerged regarding acupuncture .
The teachings of Baháʼu'lláh form the foundation of Baháʼí belief .
This series of events sharpened his belief in human dignity .
Anglicans of the Anglo-Catholic tradition generally also hold to the belief .
For subjectivists , `` probability '' corresponds to a personal belief .
However , belief in conspiracy theories is primarily driven by emotion .
I mean , it 's at least a moral belief . ''
Recent progress .
ADEM can progress to MS .
Nanoparticles are in progress for delivery purposes .
Considering his reputation , Babbage quickly made progress .
Dickens made rapid progress both professionally and socially .
Hypomanic episodes rarely progress to full-blown manic episodes .
Yearly progress reports have been published since 2008 .
An era began of increased agricultural and industrial progress .
More progress has been made on the environmental front .
Patients may or may not progress through these levels .
The cell can progress from G0 through terminal differentiation .
These did not progress past a single freshman class .
A WMS monitors the progress of products through the warehouse .
According to him , education was the path to progress .
However , significant progress has been made in numerous areas .
Territory act .
Abd al-Rahman had to act quickly .
It is an act of war .
This gives Buddhists freedom to act .
Aristotle 's theory of act and potency .
The act is codified as 43 U.S.C .
This is an act violating international law .
Gonozooids act as brood chambers for fertilized eggs .
Money is just a push for the act .
The act increased the area of Berlin from .
Their murder of Gedaliah was a dastardly act .
They are included in every single communication act .
This act put Abner in David 's favor .
This arbitrary act increased dissatisfaction in the country .
Additionally , most also act as α1-adrenergic receptor antagonists .
Free will .
free will .
The world as will .
Who will suffer most ?
will own 4 % .
Maklakov signed Chekhov 's will .
Some will sting or bite .
The series will be CG-Animated .
We will keep you posted .
But I will kill it . ''
Darker malts will produce darker beers .
Darker malts will produce darker beers .
Everything will be subject to Him .
Executing : codice_16 will output 6 .
His name will be the Furious.130 .
No longer exist .
Several transcriptions exist .
could also exist .
Four principal designs exist .
Gaussian amicable pairs exist .
Many standard combinations exist .
A genetic predisposition may exist .
Acoustic-digital hybrid accordions also exist .
Does it exist now ? ''
However , many exceptions exist .
These documents do not exist .
Acids exist universally in our lives .
Many methods exist in amide synthesis .
Numerous contraindications to its use exist .
Other , lower courts also exist .
Early criticism and rejection .
Modern rejection and rehabilitation .
`` rejection '' , or 2 .
If it came from `` rejection '' it was not .
Critics from religious traditions oppose her atheism and her rejection of altruism .
to the Cold War , McCarthyism , and counterculture rejection of authority .
Likewise , fans who stray from accepted subcultural scripts may experience similar rejection .
Other Confucians have criticized Confucian meritocrats like Bell for their rejection of democracy .
Uninterested , she rejects him , but Gus refuses to accept the rejection .
The American Revolution began with a rejection of Parliamentary authority and moves towards self-government .
The films that followed Jess Franco were unique in their rejection of mainstream art .
Difficulties were encountered in welding the guide and ejector rails , causing high rejection rates .
In churches , conventions and newspapers , reformers promoted an absolute and immediate rejection of slavery .
In addition , higher mycotoxin levels leads to market rejection or reduced market prices for the grain .
Schopenhauer , who had been very confident that he would win , was enraged by this rejection .
Academic reaction .
Acid–alkali reaction .
Artistic reaction .
Audience reaction .
Critical reaction .
German reaction .
Press reaction .
Public reaction .
Zionist reaction .
Catalytic reaction mechanisms .
Haredi reaction and ban .
Other organic reaction mechanisms .
Public and media reaction .
The reaction is typical .
The uncatalyzed reaction is slow .
Instance creation .
British Standards creation .
Subsequent creation credit .
This also influenced the creation of Azerbaijani animation .
Its creation is therefore rooted in the Napoleonic era .
Judaism defines altruism as the desired goal of creation .
That request led to the creation of Sleepycat Software .
There are trade creation effects and trade diversion effects .
At its creation , the BNP had approximately 1,200 members .
Baseball has also inspired the creation of new cultural forms .
The first was the creation of life from inorganic matter .
The tree was a symbol of the order of creation .
The tree was a symbol of the order of creation .
They believe that death is creation , only in reverse .
French colonial expansion led to the creation of the in 1900 .
There were some notable differences .
Another notable example is the St .
It has housed many notable persons .
Other notable works of which include :
Some notable examples are listed below .
Brussels is home to notable cycling races .
Countries with notable populations of Cambodians are :
Especially notable , certainly from a G.I .
Main and cache memories are notable exceptions .
Nearby Falmouth is notable as a port .
Other notable megafauna include the basking sharks .
Presidents , statesmen , and notable writers .
Some of the more notable ones are :
Turtles are notable for their protective shells .
Vemana is notable for his philosophical poems .
Possible ancient origins .
Population in ancient times .
Pre-history and ancient era .
Prehistory and ancient history .
Recreating the ancient sky .
Rediscovery of ancient treatments .
The ancient witnesses reviewed .
Views of ancient historians .
Beta-lactamases are ancient bacterial enzymes .
In ancient and modern culture .
The Boii in ancient sources .
Cymbals have existed since ancient times .
The ancient historian Aelian ( c .
The ancient wooden bridge of Amphipolis .
Antibiotics have been used since ancient times .
In return , the pope could provide only legitimacy .
Throughout the early twentieth century , boxers struggled to achieve legitimacy .
By criticising Eden , Spotswood intended to bolster the legitimacy of his invasion .
Control of marriage and the meanings of legitimacy were hotly contested in the Middle Ages .
He also wrote to Attila , strenuously denying the legitimacy of the supposed marriage proposal .
The increasing numbers of Afghan refugees in Pakistan challenged the PDPA 's legitimacy to rule .
Two of these pregnancies — Stateira 's and Barsine 's — are of dubious legitimacy .
He was also contrasting him with the subsequent Briton rulers whose reigns lacked in such legitimacy .
In Macau , the legitimacy of Chinese medicine is not built upon `` miracle making '' .
This letter shows that both practical and biblical reasons led Augustine to defend the legitimacy of coercion .
Anthropologists have written extensively on the variations within marriage across cultures and its legitimacy as a human institution .
In the late 1970s the Shah 's regime consistently lost legitimacy due to criticism that it was pro-Western .
The socialist leadership is reluctant to tackle this problem because it touches a core aspect of its revolutionary legitimacy .
Annals were disseminated throughout the empire and probably served propagandistic purposes , supporting the legitimacy of the king 's rule .
Bernard was a major proponent of Pope Innocent II , arguing effectively for his legitimacy over the Antipope Anacletus II .
Logic as philosophical .
Popular and philosophical writings .
Religious and philosophical beliefs .
Religious and philosophical interpretations .
Religious and philosophical origins .
Religious and philosophical views .
Religious and philosophical views .
Aesthetics is the philosophical notion of beauty .
He was not without some philosophical training .
Vemana is notable for his philosophical poems .
Very little is known about his philosophical views .
Camus 's novels and philosophical essays are still influential .
The Buddhist path combines both philosophical reasoning and meditation .
There are different opinions on Menger 's philosophical influences .
This philosophical tradition is influential in Tibetan Buddhist thought .
Marriages and personal life .
Metaphysics and personal identity .
Stage and personal appearances .
Early years and personal life .
The campaign was heavily personal .
Romans often chose down-to-earth personal surnames .
Bell 's personal research after the telephone .
Little remains of his personal architectural work .
Newton wrote the words from personal experience .
The second was for a personal documentary .
Grip choice is a matter of personal preference .
Little is known about Nahum 's personal history .
Little is known of Rav 's personal life .
But his personal involvement nearly led to his undoing .
Gates has also provided personal donations to educational institutions .
Its figures illustrate a Nordic legend .
The following DNA sequences illustrate pair double-stranded patterns .
Three industrial processes illustrate its evolution in industry .
Chemical equations are used to graphically illustrate chemical reactions .
Various metaphors and images are used to illustrate this idea .
program is used to illustrate a language 's basic syntax .
Previously , architects employed drawings to illustrate and generate design proposals .
Why should its cooking not illustrate the American transformation of diversity into unity ?
To illustrate signed BCD subtraction , consider the following problem : 357 − 432 .
Anecdotes about him are frequently used to illustrate particular points about morality and interpersonal relations .
In the sixth dispute , the people of Israel illustrate the extent of their disillusionment .
He used this phenomenon to illustrate that carbon dioxide is produced by animal respiration and microbial fermentation .
`` Amazing Grace '' was written to illustrate a sermon on New Year 's Day of 1773 .
The alkali metals form complete series of compounds with all usually encountered anions , which well illustrate group trends .
Both Peirce and Wittgenstein introduced the analogy of colour theory in order to illustrate the shades of meanings of words .
Regional autonomy .
Reform , autonomy and separatist movements .
Today it still maintains a measure of autonomy .
Reducing autonomy reduces the size and expense of cisterns .
The degree of autonomy of non-sovereign countries varies widely .
This reduces life-style impacts at some cost in autonomy .
He was determined to maintain the autonomy of the ABC .
However , not all municipalities exercise all of this autonomy .
Rahman launched the Six point movement for autonomy in 1966 .
Hopes were raised among the Balkan ethnicities of reforms and autonomy .
She also convinced him of the autonomy of any other emperor .
Numerous self-ruling khanates with various forms of autonomy emerged in the area .
Monetary authorities have varying degrees of autonomy from the governments that create them .
Such reforms encouraged other ethnic groups to push for greater autonomy as well .
The Andalusian Statute of Autonomy recognizes Seville as the autonomy ’ s capital .
Hercules myth .
Theseus myth .
The Fleming myth .
The Speer myth .
Greek myth and epos .
Roman myth and literature .
Several constellations are associated with the myth .
Ancient artwork depicting the myth of Actaeon predate Aeschylus .
The myth shaped regional identity and race relations for generations .
The pre-history of Amathus survives in both myth and archaeology .
In the Osiris myth , Anubis helped Isis to embalm Osiris .
This myth and its variations are not found in classical sources .
Author Adrienne Mayor suggests that the false etymology led to the myth .
Fleming himself referred to this incident as `` the Fleming myth . ''
For example , in Norse myth , Thor disguised himself as Freya .
Character set .
Character set .
Character set .
Empty set .
Instruction set .
Non-convex set .
Smith–Volterra–Cantor set .
Chemically set bricks .
Stochastic Cantor set .
set in Wales .
Apple I character set .
was set in Brasilia .
Any other set is infinite .
Paradoxes in early set theory .
Then consider the set formula_100 .
Internal conflict .
Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
Nagorno-Karabakh conflict .
Bakassi border conflict .
Post–Cold War conflict .
An arena of conflict .
First conflict with Antony .
Opera , conflict and departure .
The conflict with Congress continued .
This led to renewed conflict .
700 Bayonnaises perished in the conflict .
This only resulted in more conflict .
Clinton attempted to end the Israeli–Palestinian conflict .
In 2003 the Bolivian gas conflict broke out .
Role of the ANC in resolving the conflict .
At the individual level .
He praises some individual Jews .
Most early BBSes operated as individual systems .
Sartre recognizes the absurdity of individual experience .
The decade also contained great individual achievements .
Each competency is further divided into individual criteria .
Individual prop stunts are generally considered individual bits .
Like individual groups , the GSO is self-supporting .
Linguistics explores individual languages and language in general .
The Falcons Ring of Honor honors individual players .
The names of individual institutions can be confusing .
They did n't want to create an individual .
While solitary , females each make individual nests .
Greater numbers of bystanders decrease individual feelings of responsibility .
Squires published many letterpress editions of individual Smith poems .
Argument for conscience .
Nero would have his mother 's death on his conscience .
Newman proposed that , to explain the conscience , God must exist .
We must appeal to the conscience , not compel it by violence .
A related word was `` conscientia '' , which primarily means moral conscience .
Descartes used `` conscientia '' the way modern speakers would use `` conscience '' .
At least 18 prisoners of conscience remained in detention at the end of the year .
Socrates questioned Athenian authorities constantly and insisted on the right of individual freedom of conscience .
The Norwegian Nobel Committee called him `` a spokesman for the conscience of mankind '' .
They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood .
Many consider `` ethics '' with conscience or a simplistic sense of `` right '' and `` wrong . ''
They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood . ''
One thing is certain , however : men like him are the guardians and renewers of mankind 's conscience . ''
He had made marriage of conscience because there were grounds for believing that the women in question had been born Muslims .
Socially accepted or imposed religious morality has influenced secular jurisdictions on issues that may otherwise concern only an individual 's conscience .
Allied right .
'Is this right ?
Asymmetric/inverted right bipyramids .
Double outlet right ventricle .
Natural right vs social construct .
( See diagram on right . )
Attacks on the Union right flank .
I think I did right . ''
The right thumb operates four keys .
`` Regular '' , right bipyramids .
A trend started about it right away .
I think everybody has that right '' .
Set and the right hand side becomes .
The government protects their right to privacy .
There is a right of conscientious objection .
Economic freedom .
Rights and freedom .
Spiritual knowledge and freedom .
No , screw your freedom . ''
This gives Buddhists freedom to act .
And nobody is going to dictate our freedom !
It 's the freedom and the independence . ''
We use that freedom to avoid paradoxes . ''
Czech journalists and media enjoy a degree of freedom .
Abu Sayyaf proclaimed themselves to be mujahideen and freedom fighters .
Cameroon has a high level of religious freedom and diversity .
Crowley advocated complete sexual freedom for both men and women .
Ginsberg was an early proponent of freedom for gay people .
Some religious communities have been unofficially restricted from religious freedom .
The Constitution of Bosnia and Herzegovina guarantees freedom of speech .
Case law .
Common law .
Conservation law .
Defence law .
International law .
International law .
International law .
Natural law .
Natural law .
Patent law .
Salic law .
law schools .
law today .
A law nr .
Art and law .
So we played live .
In it live Afghans . ''
Many Ainu live outside Hokkaido .
Approximately 4 million Croats live abroad .
I live my daydreams in music .
They can live in bamboo forests .
`` Did Mynona really live ? ''
A working bet is a live bet .
About 5,000 French citizens live in Chad .
Beavers usually live up to 10 years .
But what is there to live for ?
Many bands choose not to play live .
Many rodents such as voles live underground .
She will always live in our hearts .
They still live in the Chobe district .
Diplomatic presence .
Muslims also have a minority presence .
Regularity in the presence of urelements .
an objective presence and subjective reception .
Aon built a global presence through purchases .
The American military presence lasted until 1995 .
The presence of Mg2+ regulates kinase activity .
Foreign military presence in support of the Government .
He had a fine presence and great oratorical power .
Marshals in Antarctica to provide a law enforcement presence .
Numerous other Protestant denominations have a presence in Aberdeen .
The National Police has a presence in all municipalities .
The sport also has a growing presence in India .
Benzidine gives a blue coloration in the presence of ferricyanide .
But once out of Bernard 's presence , he reneged .
The Kitchen Cabinet emerged as an unofficial group of advisors to the president .
These are unofficial sub groups of the Ainu people with location and population estimates .
Donald A. Smith and Norman Kittson were unofficial silent partners with a significant financial interest .
The song is also considered to be the second , unofficial anthem of the Slovaks .
Boxing historians sometimes use these unofficial newspaper decisions in compiling fight records for illustrative purposes only .
It was the only time in history when two women simultaneously acted as unofficial First Lady .
The town of Hilversum , south-east of Amsterdam , has been crowned with this unofficial title .
There are also several unofficial regional anthems , like the `` Badnerlied '' or the `` Niedersachsenlied '' .
Unemployment officially stood at 21 % as of 2000 but unofficial estimates placed it closer to 40 % .
In addition , the Jewish community of Greater Cleveland maintains an unofficial supportive relationship with the State of Israel .
( Most nicknames were then unofficial — neither club names nor registered trademarks — so the migration was informal . )
In 1899 the British Isles touring side returned to Australia for the first time since the unofficial tour of 1888 .
Minas Gerais uses an adapted version of the traditional Italian song `` Vieni sul mar '' as its unofficial anthem .
The Ballarat Airport Open Day ( Ballarat 's unofficial air show , held annually since 2009 ) also attracts thousands .
Some members of the council , such as Pedrizzi and Mantovano were described as members of an unofficial Catholic Right faction .
An autonomous structure is not always environmentally friendly .
Heschel became friendly with his colleague Mordecai Kaplan .
Bennelong greeted him in a friendly and jovial way .
Bioremediation is said to be cost-effective and environmentally friendly .
Up until this Welles had been friendly with Parsons .
Sultan Suleiman II 's friendly postures were ignored by Aurangzeb .
The process is more environmentally friendly than traditional extraction methods .
This was the start of their longstanding friendly business relationship .
Lacking any steep hills , Bordeaux is relatively friendly to cyclists .
Finally , friendly personnel and civilians can be protected with suitable antibiotics .
They also held friendly bets on hockey games during the Winter Olympic season .
Barbados follows a policy of nonalignment and seeks cooperative relations with all friendly states .
Copenhagen is recognized as one of the most environmentally friendly cities in the world .
Since 2000 , all Balkan countries are friendly towards the EU and the US .
Cape Verde follows a policy of nonalignment and seeks cooperative relations with all friendly states .
If infected , treatment is with antibiotics and supportive care .
The army had long been supportive of a strong union .
Locals in Cheshire were less supportive and became suspicious of his methods .
Anarchist and non-anarchist feminists differed on suffrage but were supportive of one another .
Political scientists Torben Iversen and David Soskice see democracy and capitalism as mutually supportive .
Albert Schweitzer was a friend of Steiner 's and was supportive of his ideals for cultural renewal .
Albert Schweitzer was a friend of Steiner 's and was supportive of his ideals for cultural renewal .
His parents were supportive of him after seeing how much he wanted to start his own company .
Amin was informed of the Soviet decision to intervene in Afghanistan and was initially supportive , but was assassinated .
In addition , the Jewish community of Greater Cleveland maintains an unofficial supportive relationship with the State of Israel .
A 2014 systematic review found supportive but limited evidence for use of acupuncture for acute post-operative pain after back surgery .
In Scotland , about 100 of the 227 members of the Parliament of Scotland were supportive of the Court Party .
Preliminary data point to tourism-related expenditure already exceeding 2019 levels , which has been supportive of both employment and consumption .
He is no longer the upright , supportive figure that appeared in `` Two Men Contemplating the Moon '' in 1819 .
Stoics were supportive of a society based on unofficial and friendly relations among its citizens without the presence of a state .
Electrical activity .
Human activity .
Human activity .
Solar activity .
Transnational activity .
Continuing literary activity .
Daily activity patterns .
Early legal activity .
Spectrum of activity .
Treatment of activity .
Later research and activity .
Radiation – source activity .
Fishing is another common activity .
International tensions added more activity .
A period of feverish activity followed .
A medieval scholastic .
Ancient and medieval .
Antiquity and medieval .
On medieval Europe .
On medieval Judaism .
Among medieval Germanic tribes .
Ancient to medieval times .
Early and medieval history .
Free cities of medieval Europe .
In Roman and medieval literature .
Later medieval administration and society .
On the medieval Islamic world .
In Germany , the medieval St .
Aristotle 's views profoundly shaped medieval scholarship .
His thoughts profoundly influenced the medieval worldview .
In religious traditions .
Other religious festivals .
Opposition from religious groups .
Psychical or religious metaphysics .
Being religious he encouraged Islamic calligraphy .
Halwa is served during religious festivities .
Numerous other religious schools then followed .
Thirty-one states have child-abuse religious exemptions .
and midnight and without religious rites .
Arabic is the religious language of Muslims .
He was humble and a religious Sultan .
There are also several other religious communities .
They also are mentioned in religious texts .
They sometimes included symbolic and religious meanings .
A 1999 law on religion prohibits religious discrimination .
other languages .
Emulating other systems .
In other contexts .
In other countries .
In other languages .
In other media .
In other media .
In other media .
In other religions .
In other religions .
In other sciences .
In other texts .
and other countries .
or other reasons .
Aerodynamics in other fields .
Modern constitutional monarchy .
Constitutional and absolute monarchy .
Barcelona under the Spanish monarchy .
Executive monarchy versus ceremonial monarchy .
Belize is a parliamentary constitutional monarchy .
Cambodia is a constitutional monarchy , i.e .
The country is an autocratic absolute monarchy .
Belgium is a constitutional , popular monarchy and a federal parliamentary democracy .
Wilson rejected the continuation of the dual monarchy as a negotiable possibility .
However , the terms were never honoured and a new monarchy was installed .
This eventually discredited the Italian monarchy and led to its abolition in 1946 .
Belgium is a sovereign state and a federal constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system .
Canada is a constitutional monarchy , in which the monarch is head of state .
The oldest constitutional monarchy dating back to ancient times was that of the Hittites .
Cambodia is a constitutional monarchy with a unitary structure and a parliamentary form of government .
Popular interest .
investment interest .
Capital and interest .
Conflicts of interest .
Fields of interest .
Places of interest .
Places of interest .
Places of interest .
Points of interest .
Sites of interest .
Losing interest in theatre .
Other places of interest .
Resurgence of public interest .
Cloud as the romantic interest .
Late twentieth-century shifts in interest .
Aesthetic judgment .
Value judgment .
Factors involved in aesthetic judgment .
Aesthetic judgment , universals and ethics .
Warriors must use judgment in the battlefield .
The district court granted Beastie Boys summary judgment .
After death , the soul is brought for judgment .
Rashnu and Sraosha are present at the final judgment .
Baudelaire did not appeal the judgment , but his fine was reduced .
Thereafter , recourse to the judgment of the Pope occurred more frequently .
The book concerns the divine judgment of Edom and the restoration of Israel .
If the appellate court finds no defect , it `` affirms '' the judgment .
The council found in favour of Bernard and their judgment was confirmed by the pope .
Following Satan 's consignment to the lake of fire , his followers come up for judgment .
This allows the attending physician the room he needs to make his best medical judgment . ''
Primary and secondary private education .
Bolivia has public and private universities .
It is also found in private ponds .
Other utilities are provided by private entities .
There are both state and private universities .
These are outnumbered by private hire taxis .
160 which prohibited racial exclusion in private schools .
China Bandy is mainly financed by private resources .
Costa Rica also has several small private universities .
His private chess library consists of 9,000 books .
Many magnates brought in their large private armies .
Other public and private sources are also consulted .
Side by side with these existed private schools .
Yeager enlisted as a private in the U.S .
`` World of Warcraft '' private server complications .
20th-century development .
Community development .
Constitutional development .
Early development .
Early development .
Early development .
Economic development .
Evolutionary development .
Further development .
Game development .
Geological development .
Historic development .
Historical development .
Historical development .
Historical development .
Azerbaijan is considered the most secular Muslim-majority country .
The original intent was to allow secular schools .
Furthermore , `` Spinoza did not envision secular Judaism .
They held a position between monks and secular canons .
Completely secular Christmas seasonal songs emerged in the late 18th century .
( Ariel Sharon himself would remain proudly secular throughout his life . )
His parents were wealthy enough to give him a fine secular education .
In 2010 , the Bangladesh Supreme Court reaffirmed secular principles in the constitution .
In early modern times , cardinals often had important roles in secular affairs .
The practice has become a controversy in both secular and Jewish medical ethics .
Therefore , secular aberration is usually ignored when considering the positions of stars .
Violation of the law was specified as subject to a secular legal process .
After independence , Bangladesh adopted a secular democracy under its new constitution in 1972 .
Its universal message has been a significant factor in its crossover into secular music .
Some even laid aside the monastic habit altogether , and assumed a secular dress .
AI is relevant to any intellectual task .
Epistemological concerns shaped Augustine 's intellectual development .
He has abdicated his intellectual liberty . ''
Selling of the band 's intellectual property .
See also intellectual property , public domain , copyright .
The protection of intellectual property rights has improved significantly .
Aristotle 's work encompassed virtually all facets of intellectual inquiry .
But Lincoln demonstrated intellectual leadership that brought him into contention .
The Trans-Pacific Partnership includes intellectual Property Provisions relating to copyright .
Both Apollos and Barnabas were Jewish Christians with sufficient intellectual authority .
Cambridge is perhaps best known as an academic and intellectual center .
During this period he dedicated himself to calligraphy and intellectual activities .
Political and intellectual ferment waxed strong throughout the 1920s and 1930s .
The Benelux is particularly active in the field of intellectual property .
Ayahuasca has also stirred debate regarding intellectual property protection of traditional knowledge .
Boiling point .
Isoelectric point .
Exclamation point 226 .
Continuity at a point .
Its highest point is .
A point O ( fig .
Critical point may refer to :
Nonassociativity of floating point calculation .
acting on every point in it .
over a `` ball point '' .
At this point she was found out .
Lake Tanganyika remains an important trading point .
Saturation temperature means `` boiling point '' .
The triple point is 3.63 MPa and .
This effect is called boiling point elevation .
Both of them saw action .
Only half of these saw active service .
The election saw many allegations of irregularities .
1952 saw BSA establish a Professional Cycling Team .
1992 saw a renewed interest in Boney M .
A further study also saw a neutral result .
He saw Revelation as comprising two discordant halves .
The 1970s saw a renaissance for the Lions .
The Early Paleocene saw the recovery of Earth .
2001 also saw the rare election of an independent .
2016 saw the event make its way to Exeter .
Armored cars also saw action on the Eastern Front .
In 2011 Azerbaijan saw a migration of −1.14/1,000 people .
The 18th century saw another golden age of Bordeaux .
The 1950s also saw developments based upon information theory .
Both are fertile agricultural areas .
Bangladesh is predominantly rich fertile flat land .
They are made of very fertile soil .
Blue-fin whale hybrids are capable of being fertile .
Some ashes contain natural compounds that make soil fertile .
The larger islands have some fertile valleys and plains .
Abduction is the most fertile but least secure mode of inference .
Ammonium salts are found distributed through fertile soil and in seawater .
Bursa has rather orderly urban growth and borders a fertile plain .
Cave fish and surface fish are able to produce fertile offspring .
More focus was on the more accessible and fertile coastal areas .
Most people live on farms near areas of fertile volcanic soil .
The area from the coast to the Tell Atlas is fertile .
The flat and fertile Bangladesh Plain dominates the geography of Bangladesh .
The uplands are surrounded by more fertile , mainly pastoral farmland .
Hard way .
No way .
He made many connections this way .
Mortars are often carried this way .
But we set it up this way .
In this way backward compatibility was achieved .
It was just the way it was .
One way is by the ratio detector .
Or was it the other way around ?
Sales promotions are another way to advertise .
That ’ s the way of it .
They criticized the Cistercian way of life .
Confucius used the term in a mystical way .
Each piece has its own way of moving .
It was not the way Max wrote it .
soil .
in soil .
soil pH .
Climate and soil .
soil being imminent .
There are three soil zones .
The fine soil was quite slippery .
All cultivated soil takes up 402.06 hectares .
Here , they sampled permanently shadowed soil .
It is a major component of soil .
The soil cover of Bulgaria is diverse .
They are made of very fertile soil .
soil , which killed nearly 3,000 people .
In agriculture , biochemists investigate soil and fertilizers .
Maerl is commonly used as a soil conditioner .
Category theory .
Category theory .
Category theory .
Category theory .
Coding theory .
Control theory .
Design theory .
Early theory .
Economic theory .
Einstein–Cartan theory .
Graph theory .
HSAB theory .
Information theory .
Keynesian theory .
Matroid theory .
First wave .
First wave .
Second wave .
After the second wave .
Interpreting molecular wave functions .
Nature of the wave function .
The 1980s brought a wave of high-technology startups .
The wave carries energy throughout the propagating medium .
A few examples follow : Spinless position–space wave function .
A wave of downtown apartment construction began in 1998 .
Behavior and cognitive therapies merge – third wave CBT .
For each there are two standing wave solutions and .
It uses a transformer to create a sawtooth wave .
Note that setting formula_53 returns us the wave equation .
This system also exhibits x-ray and radio wave flares .
Novels of vernacular style gained unprecedented status and popularity .
Art , culture and science all advanced to unprecedented heights .
By the 1920s , gays and lesbians had an unprecedented visibility .
Private funding for such a complex infrastructure project was of unprecedented scale .
However , several also exhibit unprecedented degrees of detail and complexity in decoration .
Schaefer remained a great supporter and saw the unprecedented contract as good publicity .
A significant controversy happened over the paper and `` Nature '' s unprecedented notice .
Dixon reluctantly agreed , and the unprecedented success of the film made him rich .
He responded to the unprecedented political and military crisis as commander-in-chief by exercising unprecedented authority .
The safety bicycle gave women unprecedented mobility , contributing to their emancipation in Western nations .
Beginning in 1989 , a confluence of events brought an unprecedented commercial boom to country music .
Brian Wilson 's artistic control over the Beach Boys ' records was unprecedented for the time .
During the first decades of the 20th century , Atlanta enjoyed a period of unprecedented growth .
The new uniforms also featured collars and were designed to be worn untucked — both unprecedented .
Granting final cut privilege was unprecedented for a studio since it placed artistic considerations over financial investment .
The late period .
Construction and late 19th century .
Gold in the late 1980s .
Reconstruction and late 19th century .
Both arrived late in the morning .
Golden age ( late 1940s–1960s ) .
He remained Director until late 1992 .
In late 1996 , Warner Bros .
and Europe since the late 2000s .
A second was registered in late 2019 .
Andrew returned to Hungary in late 1218 .
End of Reconstruction and late 19th century .
Steam trams appeared in the late 1860s .
The couple split up in late 2009 .
The pieces exemplify the late Rococo style .
They become confederates .
Now he 's become charming .
The two briefly become lovers .
They have both become screenwriters .
Both would become successful film directors .
Legendary chronology sometimes does become muddled .
Such criticisms can become extremely scathing .
The term did not become popular .
The two electrons then become correlated .
These boundaries have since become blurred .
announced it had become Inprise Corporation .
Chad become an oil producer in 2003 .
Cooperation had become the optimum survival strategy .
In return they become lobbyists for Azerbaijan .
Online cheating has therefore become extremely difficult .
Golden age .
Industrial age .
Median age .
Patient age .
Post-industrial age .
American golden age .
Coming of age .
Gestational age and method .
Ice age and topography .
The minimum age was 42 .
For suborbital age records , see .
Golden age ( late 1940s–1960s ) .
Marriage and the age of consent .
The median age was 21 years .
The median age was 24 years .
American golden age .
18th century , the golden era .
Both golden beryl and heliodor are used as gems .
Gold signifies the `` golden promise '' of ASU .
The 18th century saw another golden age of Bordeaux .
The golden yellow color is attributed to Fe3+ ions .
Overall , Israel becomes a net exporter of golden goods .
Robert Goelet , and was originally covered in golden leaf .
The 19th century was the golden age of bush ballads .
The California golden bear is the state animal of California .
This period is considered the golden age of Chinese philosophy .
Two diagonally-crossed silver swords with golden handles rest on top .
Unlike emerald , golden beryl generally has very few flaws .
He also participated in intercollegiate boxing , winning the golden glove .
2021 marked the 50th anniversary and golden jubilee of Bangladesh 's independence .
There are several characteristics that tend to unite anthropological work .
Her marriage to Germanicus had served to unite the imperial family .
For a century , free trade remained the one cause which could unite all Liberals .
Don Carlos Buell on his way from Nashville with 35,000 men , could unite against him .
Substances , in Aristotle , unite what they actually are now with everything they might become .
Antisemitism is also malleable enough that it can unite right-wing and left-wing groups within the Arab world .
They also declared that their ultimate intention was to unite with Serbia and Montenegro in a large South Slav state .
Greek and Roman societies , however , utilized the Amazon mythology as a literary and artistic vehicle to unite against a commonly-held enemy .
Prieto and his adviser , Portales , feared the efforts of Bolivian general Andrés de Santa Cruz to unite with Peru against Chile .
In China , the popularity of acupuncture rebounded in 1949 when Mao Zedong took power and sought to unite China behind traditional cultural values .
It also had to drop its plans for union with Germany , as it was not allowed to unite with Germany without League approval .
According to Patricia Ebrey : In the 1920s , Sun Yat-sen established a revolutionary base in Guangzhou and set out to unite the fragmented nation .
Yet the partial nature of this list also serves to show that in Germany there remained many Lutherans who never did unite with the Reformed .
state of Alabama , is formed by the Tallapoosa and Coosa rivers , which unite about north of Montgomery , near the town of Wetumpka .
On 15 July 1974 , the Greek military junta under Dimitrios Ioannides carried out a coup d'état in Cyprus , to unite the island with Greece .
Business class .
Economy class .
First class .
Noun class .
Boats in class .
class action settlement .
Order by magnitude class .
CMY ( class C ) .
It is of class gM0 .
Its spectral class is A2 .
Its spectral class is B2 .
Sometimes tattoos signaled social class .
AmpC-type β-lactamases ( class C ) .
Amphetamine belongs to the phenethylamine class .
Branchiopoda is a class of crustaceans .
Rugby union .
Player 's union licensing withdrawal .
DeMille sued the union for reinstatement but lost .
Austria subsequently joined a telegraph union with German states .
It also created a customs union and monetary union .
This is the price of joining the customs union .
did not recognize the union between the two republics .
Creating a `` more perfect union '' and guaranteeing rights .
The army had long been supportive of a strong union .
The first-born of this union was a daughter , Maria .
District Court in Alabama for union assassinations and alleged paramilitary links .
Personal union with Hungary ( 1102–1527 ) and Republic of Venice .
The Croatian Parliament never ratified the union with Serbia and Montenegro .
The class BPP is closed under complementation , union and intersection .
The union produced four children : Legacy , art and literature .
The worker subsequently dies .
The worker managed to escape and disappeared .
Baudelaire was a slow and very attentive worker .
Gauss was an ardent perfectionist and a hard worker .
British masonry worker Joseph Aspdin patented Portland cement in 1824 .
employs construction workers , stevedores , and lighterage worker operations .
High worker mortality from disease also discouraged further investment in the project .
Each worker typically performs one simple operation unless job rotation strategies are applied .
Later in the novel , the reader discovers this worker 's true identity .
At the end of the third week , a worker went off at 8a.m .
The marked male is interpreted as an invader by worker ants and is killed .
An American development worker , reported to have been a missionary , was also killed .
However , an Australian tourist and a Yemeni hotel worker were killed in the bombing .
case worker Donald Jameson , who finally broke the silence on this program in 1995 .
One worker claimed that he and his coworkers had not been informed of possible occupational illnesses .
New amphibious force .
brute force analysis ) .
peacekeeping force ( MINURCA ) .
A force in the computing industry .
Bozizé has created an amphibious force .
It entered into force in 1974 .
Azerbaijan joined the multi-national force in 2003 .
Every conservative force has a potential energy .
It entered into force in March 1981 .
It entered into force in March 1981 .
stabilization force in Haiti , the MINUSTAH .
It entered into force on 29 December 1993 .
It has been a victory for brute force .
Prince Maurice and his force occupied Druid Hill .
The Convention came into force in December 1969 .
Public figure .
Stick figure 647 .
Birds figure throughout human culture .
Carolingian Renaissance figure and legacy .
The central figure in the story .
Dickens honoured the figure of Jesus Christ .
Dostum is a controversial figure in Afghanistan .
Overall the figure stands at 98.7 % .
That figure came to be widely accepted .
That figure is at $ 31,128 nationally .
Also included was an unpainted Roger Smith figure .
By 1970 this figure had grown to 537,000 .
Her figure remained in vogue in the 21st century .
Höss regarded this figure as `` far too high .
Mayhem 's Euronymous was the key figure behind this .
member state .
Church member and current U.S .
The parent member is benzene .
Croatia is a member of NATO .
He was a member of Bourbaki .
Most UN member states recognise Kosovo .
Associate member status is no longer used .
Each council member serves a five-year term .
Lashkar-e-Taiba is a member of al-Qaeda . ''
Armenia is one of the five member states .
As a member state in the Swiss Confederacy .
BMW is a charter member of the U.S .
Croatia is a member of the European Union .
Gauss was nominally a member of the St .
He is the oldest member of the group .
Archimedean property .
Common property .
Intellectual property .
Intellectual property .
Phonological property .
Private property .
Private property .
Symmetry property .
Defense of property .
Intellectual property issues .
Slaves as property .
Impact on property values .
Intellectual property for video games .
Modern history of property rights .
Selling of the band 's intellectual property .
Other small game .
The small U.S .
Special taxation for small business .
The wedding party was small .
Cuba has a small retail sector .
However , most towns remained small .
The lake has two small islands .
Both Oxley and Flag sported small moustaches .
Many communities have small air taxi services .
Only a small number is generally open .
Only some small examples survived until today .
Some offer suitable protection for small yachts .
The braincase is relatively small and elongated .
The following is only a small selection .
The most basal deinonychosaurs were very small .
However , Castro belonged to a faction which opposed U.S .
The Ansar al Dine faction aligned themselves with the AQIM .
Brown says Ambrose `` had the makings of a faction fighter '' .
Michael Ely directed the Secret Project movies and cast the faction leaders .
Only the Knoxville faction also votes for its second choice , Chattanooga .
The faction that pushed for secession often infringed on states ' rights .
[ ... ] What reply was the faction of Apollos to make ?
He was the leader of the social-democratic Trudovik faction of the Socialist Revolutionary Party .
Another faction , led by John Ross , unsuccessfully petitioned to protest the proposed removal .
Facilities and secret projects improve the performance of individual bases and of the entire faction .
One of the most notable differences was how each faction decided to fund its revolution .
The Parchamite faction found itself under significant pressure by the Khalqists soon after taking power .
The former king made it clear he favoured the rebel faction against the Republican government .
While virtually independent , at the federal level the parties form a common CDU/CSU faction .
He also featured as an Epic Fighter of the Dardania faction in the ' in 2020 .
Sweet and bitter almonds .
Bases are mostly bitter in nature .
Benzaldehyde released from amygdalin provides a bitter flavor .
Queen Victoria was bitter at his departure as Prime Minister .
Most alkaloids have a bitter taste or are poisonous when ingested .
As a statesman he won himself both enthusiastic adherents and bitter enemies .
Conflict between the two was constant and bitter in the following years .
government , in particular , has caused bitter controversy within the discipline .
Two civil wars resulted from bitter rivalry between the Conservative and Liberal parties .
In southern Chad , bitter conflicts over land are becoming more and more common .
If eaten whole , bay leaves are pungent and have a sharp , bitter taste .
The origin of cyanide content in bitter almonds is via the enzymatic hydrolysis of amygdalin .
... The power of love works in two ways : it torments sinners ... bitter regret .
Reported to have a bitter and unpleasant taste , they are more useful for survival purposes .
The tribes resisted expansion by the fledgling United States , leading to years of bitter conflict .
Air power .
Judicial power .
Legislative power .
Batteries provided power .
Consolidation of power .
Cordless power tools .
Displays of power .
Electric power grid .
Fight for power .
Rise to power .
Rise to power .
Rise to power .
Rise to power .
Rise to power .
Rise to power .
A new Exodus .
A new league .
Planned new capital .
Proposed new BMI .
Creating new state constitutions .
Development of new drugs .
Development of new vaccines .
In the new millennium .
Rise in new media .
Construction of the new house .
Enclaves and new civil liberties .
Formation of a new Aquitaine .
Head of the new Sanhedrin .
Its solution required new methods .
Jeremiah as a new Moses .
Academic response .
British response .
Critical response .
Critical response .
Critical response .
Critical response .
Critical response .
Critical response .
Critical response .
Critical response .
Critical response .
Critical response .
Critical response .
Fan response .
Initial response .
Withdrawal , suspension , and expulsion .
This was followed by the expulsion of ten other U.S .
A White House spokesman described the expulsion as `` deeply disappointing '' .
In response to their expulsion from the First International , anarchists formed the St .
This infuriated several Khalqists ; the threat of expulsion did not lessen their anger .
After the expulsion of Gorgus 's son Periander its government developed into a strong democracy .
Abortion is the termination of a pregnancy by removal or expulsion of an embryo or fetus .
His biographer , John Geiger , suggests the arbitrary expulsion `` had the effect of a curse .
The penalties imposed upon the Jews included torture , execution , expulsion , and steep financial fines .
She was called before Barnard 's student-faculty administration judicial committee , where she faced the possibility of expulsion .
Historically , Brussels has been predominantly Roman Catholic , especially since the expulsion of Protestants in the 16th century .
Initially , it called for the compulsory expulsion of non-whites , although since 1999 has advocated voluntary removals with financial incentives .
It is now believed that this case was constructed by the Spanish Inquisition to facilitate the expulsion of Jews from Spain .
The following month , he protested to Alexei Kosygin over the expulsion of Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn from the Soviet Union of Writers .
While the rural upper class pressed incessantly for the expulsion the Jews , the financial interests of the authorities prevented it .
influence .
Indian influence :
Later influence .
Literary influence .
Literary influence .
Modern influence .
Modern influence .
Other influence .
Political influence .
Predicted influence .
Religious influence .
Spanish influence .
Anabaptist influence view .
Indigenous peoples influence .
Legacy and influence .
The owner is a scientist , Dr .
16 ) by the Greek scientist Theophrastus ( c .
The scientist becomes the subject of his own human experiment .
Finally , the scientist states that BDSM practitioners seldom commit violent crimes .
In summary , man was a scientist , artist , and lover .
Brian Wilson Kernighan ( ; born 1942 ) is a Canadian computer scientist .
Chromatography was first devised in Russia by the Italian-born scientist Mikhail Tsvet in 1900 .
German scientist Carl Vogt was first to describe the principle of apoptosis in 1842 .
His solution was formalized and published in collaboration with Harvard computer scientist Christos Papadimitriou .
Sixty years later , the French scientist Eugène-Melchior Péligot identified it as uranium oxide .
The Norwegian scientist G. O. Sars adopted it as the common name in 1874 .
A botanist , plant scientist or phytologist is a scientist who specialises in this field .
A computer scientist specializes in the theory of computation and the design of computational systems .
Alan Curtis Kay ( born May 17 , 1940 ) is an American computer scientist .
In 1800 German scientist Alexander von Humboldt and French botanist Aimé Bonpland explored the river .
free will .
Dutch free immigrants .
His free skate was flawed .
It is free of cost .
Adiabatic free expansion of a gas .
He 's here for free . ''
It replaced the previous free version .
Licences are free for personal/non-commercial use .
are negotiating a free trade agreement .
Accusations of diminished support for free speech .
But this was not free of error .
Designation as a `` free state '' .
Gender , sexuality , and free love .
The city offers free bicycles on loan .
This system was free to all users .
Part one .
At least one U.S .
Not one entails Bayesianism .
Personal liability is one .
So I designed one .
They have one son .
You wear another one .
Ali was one of them .
He had one younger sister .
No one can stop us .
Olympia contest one last time .
There would be one change .
This is not one genre .
... Tormenter and tormented are one .
Brian is one of eleven siblings .
International federation .
The federation was abandoned in 1972 .
Currently , there are 27 members of the federation .
The federation is based in Cambridgeshire , the historical heartland .
Tupper believed that a form of limited federation was possible and desirable .
No formal federation members were involved and the study made no notable discoveries .
On 1 January 1901 , federation of the colonies of Australia was achieved .
They feared that federation would further entrench the power of the conservative forces .
AD FS requires an AD DS infrastructure , although its federation partner may not .
He was the first person who designed a detail plan such a federation of India .
The Sultanate of Brunei at the first welcomed the proposal of a new larger federation .
The federation is composed of the union of the 26 states and the Federal District .
They formed an independent federation called the Twelve Bhuiyans , with their capital in Sonargaon .
However , the first Labour leader and Prime Minister Chris Watson was a supporter of federation .
Brazil is a federation composed of 26 states , one federal district , and the 5570 municipalities .
Real-life inspiration .
Interpretation and inspiration .
Everyone gets inspiration from some place .
Allen Ginsberg also found inspiration in music .
Early figures : the inspiration of Italy .
He also gained inspiration from Gebrüder Thonet .
New inspiration and experimentation ( 1916–21 ) .
Finally , mangas were a heavy inspiration for anime .
Its architecture displays clear inspiration from the Taj Mahal .
Ringwood studied over 200 comic book issues for inspiration .
Some believe that divine inspiration makes present Bibles inerrant .
Some of them are : Similar reliefs and inspiration .
Václav Havel points to Ginsberg as an important inspiration .
Keaton studied `` The Dark Knight Returns '' for inspiration .
The magazine is cited as an inspiration to many readers .
Bernoulli distribution .
Beta distribution .
Digital distribution .
Digital distribution .
Geographic distribution .
Geographic distribution .
Geographic distribution .
Geographic distribution .
Geographic distribution .
Geographic distribution .
Geographic distribution .
Geographic distribution .
Geographic distribution .
Geographical distribution .
Population distribution .
Geographical spread .
Secondary spread .
Global spread of Anglicanism .
These spread westwards across Eurasia .
Printed copies soon spread throughout Europe .
The use of saxhorns spread rapidly .
Arabic spread with the spread of Islam .
Bengali Christians are spread across the country .
They have since spread around the world .
This favours the spread of the virus .
Beavers can spread giardiasis by contaminating surface waters .
Marine spores are often spread by ocean currents .
Mosaicity is a spread of crystal plane orientations .
Precipitation is almost evenly spread throughout the year .
Subsequently , its use spread beyond the Gnostics .
Main feature .
All arthritides potentially feature pain .
) , a feature shared with Italian .
Alkyl amines characteristically feature tetrahedral nitrogen centers .
All three uniforms feature red side stripes .
Both CPUs feature integrated FPUs and MMUs .
The local colleges feature many sports teams .
Thirteen NFL teams prominently feature the colour .
Terracotta architecture is a distinct feature of Bengal .
The picture was Welles ' first feature film .
without any obvious common feature underlying these values .
A striking feature of Çatalhöyük are its female figurines .
Bone erosion is a central feature of rheumatoid arthritis .
Both would feature an interior based on the 777 .
Even some of the local nightclubs feature French DJs .
Disputes – international .
Major international treaties .
Anti-imperialism and international solidarity .
Membership of international organizations .
Membership of international organizations .
National and international colour .
National and international rail .
Other international country music .
Participation in international organisations .
Participation in international organizations .
The first international leagues .
They maintained international connections .
began taking international astronauts .
twice in international friendlies .
1 in international patents application .
version .
1911 version .
Remastered version .
theatrical version .
Disney animated film version .
No 767-400 version was developed .
His 1935 version of `` St .
It replaced the previous free version .
The first release was version 1.2.1 .
An amended version was published in 1904 .
An improved version was introduced around 1933 .
He presented the first version in 1984 .
Kemeny wrote the first version of BASIC .
The geometric mean version is inconsequentially larger .
The macOS version is based on WebKit .
Harem youth .
Childhood and youth .
Family and youth .
youth group at Coventry Cathedral .
Childhood and youth ( 1177–1197 ) .
Childhood and youth ( 1910–1935 ) .
Gerbert studied in Barcelona in his youth .
`` We are not youth any longer .
Church youth often take active roles in the church .
It is the peak youth body within the ALP .
youth dependency ratio : 70.5 ( 2015 est . )
Abd al-Rahman spent his youth in his mother 's harem .
Chicano/a adolescent youth experience high rates of depression and anxiety .
In her youth , Christie showed little interest in antiquities .
In his youth he displayed a quarrelsome and unruly disposition .
Scientific study .
Areas of study .
Cosmologists also study :
Etymology and study .
History of study .
A study by U.S .
A study conducted by St .
Lithuania covers all study expenditures .
A study by Adachi et al .
A study by Eva Griebeler etal .
A study by Kura et al .
According to a study by Dr .
A 2021 study by Tagore et al .
A study by Y. Li and C.J .
Exploration and study of the natural world .
National capital .
Planned new capital .
Turkish republican capital .
Aarau as canton capital .
Brussels as a capital .
Its capital is Grozny .
Its capital is Oranjestad .
Its capital is Valverde .
City and capital city status .
Its capital city is Seville .
Mohéli 's capital is Fomboni .
Its capital is Puerto del Rosario .
northwest of the capital , Santiago .
) is the capital city of Greece .
Abakan is the capital of the republic .
In 733 , he defeated rebellious Khitan tribes .
Leading a coalition of rebellious Belgic tribes , Ambiorix surrounded Cicero 's camp .
Petersburg Grammar School , where some teachers saw him as a rebellious student .
The rebellious castles near Algeciras surrendered as soon as the Cordoban army appeared .
He proceeded to exterminate the rebellious Afghan tribes and crossed the Indus River in September 1398 .
In 835 , he confronted rebellious citizens of Mérida by having a large internal fortress built .
The incident decisively led to Bardot resenting her parents , and to her future rebellious lifestyle .
The use of educational activities as punishment may induce rebellious behavior such as vandalism or absence .
This era also brought about bhangra art , which like the bhangra music it represented was rebellious .
His election was opposed by a large number of rebellious tribal leaders , who had apostatized from Islam .
Tartarus was for the people that blasphemed against the gods , or were simply rebellious and consciously evil .
Vladimir Igorevich 's rebellious brother , Roman Igorevich , soon came to Hungary , seeking Andrew 's assistance .
Zaman Shah embarked on his third campaign for Punjab in 1800 to deal with a rebellious Ranjit Singh .
Islamic historiography describes Abu Bakr 's efforts to reestablish Islamic rule over the rebellious tribes as the Ridda Wars .
Residents of Jerusalem would bring their unruly children to the site to teach them what became of a rebellious son .
Middle east .
About east south-east lies Anguilla .
Leger moved east from Lake Ontario .
Alyattes turned towards Phrygia in the east .
Part proceeded east and occupied Western Thrace .
The altitude decreases from west to east .
The altitude decreases from west to east .
The altitude rises from west to east .
Great Britain is to the east and covers .
321 ( Hardin Street ) to east of N.C .
Portes is a fishing village on the east coast .
Also to the east are the brownstones of Hamilton Heights .
Further east , religion dominated artistic styles and forms too .
Geologically the clearest division is also between east and west .
Masirah is an island off the east coast of Oman .
Bengal became the stronghold of the taka .
The Bitola region was a stronghold of the Ilinden Uprising .
Cleveland is a major stronghold for the Democratic Party in Ohio .
Historically , Atlanta has been a stronghold for the Democratic Party .
During this period , Palmyra was a stronghold of the Banu Kalb tribe .
Meanwhile , the Allies had once again attacked the Bavarian stronghold at Lutzingen .
Meanwhile , the MPLA began securing control of Luanda , a traditional Ambundu stronghold .
The stronghold was heavily fortified and built on a hill , requiring a siege .
He then pursued the Danes to their stronghold at Chippenham and starved them into submission .
It was the last major stronghold of Sasanians and fell to al-Ahnaf after a fierce battle .
On 28 December 1948 , his platoon attempted to break through an Egyptian stronghold in Iraq-El-Manshia .
The Aberdare Valley was a stronghold of Nonconformity from the mid-nineteenth century until the inter-war years .
He also captured the stronghold of the chieftain Warmesh-Pat of Jurwas , levying a tribute of arms .
On July 29 , 2016 , the military gained control of an Abu Sayyaf stronghold in Tipo-Tipo .
Smyrna fell in 1330 , and the last Byzantine stronghold in Anatolia , Philadelphia , fell in 1390 .
Some prominent critics wrote negative reviews .
Campaign which became very prominent during elections .
Mexican restaurants are prominent throughout the state .
Another nationally prominent Ohio Republican , former U.S .
Founders of abbeys and congregations and prominent reformers .
Among them , Mayo College is a prominent college .
Several prominent Catalan authors resisted the suppression through literature .
She is especially prominent in works produced in Athens .
She was a prominent member of the Julio-Claudian dynasty .
The most prominent oxide is carbon dioxide ( ) .
Zahir Raihan was a prominent documentary-maker assassinated in 1971 .
Amsterdam is a prominent centre for national and international media .
Antimony trioxide is a prominent additive for halogen-containing flame retardants .
Birds play prominent and diverse roles in religion and mythology .
Higham suggests that they were prominent figures of the time .
That ideology spanned many different fields of interest .
The scene also had an ideology and ethos .
The BNP adheres to an ideology of ethnic nationalism .
The Akkadians used visual arts as a vehicle of ideology .
The early texts do not contain just-war ideology as such .
The imagery of black metal reflects its lyrics and ideology .
Lenin 's ideology in `` What Is to Be Done ? `` .
There was an ideology of 'brotherly nations ' or 'brotherly countries ' .
Some commentators see this ideology as a natural development of the black metal worldview .
The traditional `` brokerage '' model of Canadian politics leaves little room for ideology .
Unlike other metal genres , black metal is associated with an ideology and ethos .
Neoliberal ideology promoted finance from its position as a component of economics to its core .
Several sources have commented on the promotion of Christian conservative ideology within the Amway organization .
In late 2021 , former minister Hridayesh Tripathi formed People 's Progressive Party under this ideology .
Islam had a very strong influence , and was adopted as Brunei 's ideology and philosophy .
Anti-abortion violence .
Association with violence .
Independence and inter-communal violence .
Political status and violence .
Escalation of violence in Bosnia .
No violence is performed onstage .
The series featured a lot of violence .
Anarchist perspectives towards violence have always been controversial .
Law and order and the use of violence .
Response to violence against Rohingya Muslims and refugees .
Suspected witches are often subject to mob violence .
Another episode of political violence occurred in August 1792 .
Far more common than physical violence is psychological pressure .
Rivalries with other teams have escalated into serious violence .
They used violence and intimidation against Mussolini 's opponents .
Majority and minority governments .
Muslims also have a minority presence .
However several large municipalities support minority languages .
This affected only a minority of islanders .
The minority Bulgars formed a close-knit ruling caste .
There is also a minority of non-Bengali Muslims .
Balochi speakers are a good size minority in Oman .
In practice only a dedicated minority regularly attend meetings .
The Polish minority resides mainly in the Zaolzie region .
There are also small numbers of other minority groups .
A number of non-official minority languages are spoken as well .
Almost no Balkan country today has a significant Jewish minority .
Armenian and Cypriot Maronite Arabic are recognised as minority languages .
Ethnic minority communities have been in Belfast since the 1930s .
It also purchased Telenor 's minority shareholding in Esat Digifone .
Hopi time .
Rise time .
local AMT time .
Settling time and ringing .
classrooms of the time .
flights at the time .
time ( vs . )
Barges have changed throughout time .
Date ( time ) 167 .
Distances normally change over time .
Each time they performed perfectly .
In the time of St .
Olympia contest one last time .
Pogue spent time modifying procedures .
Running time and cache use .
In Cicero the deed is ascribed to jealousy .
This strategy became known as propaganda of the deed .
Nonetheless , this deed made him a celebrated war hero .
Here , `` conscientia '' is the knowledge that a witness has of the deed of someone else .
In 1871 , gold was discovered through a mining deed belonging to Kane 's mother , Mary Kane .
Ovid wrote in his `` Heroides '' that `` Exitus acta probat '' ( `` The result justifies the deed '' ) .
Though she had taken away Alexander 's sword , they feared to set about the deed until she threatened to wake him .
In 1967 Fulcher became known as Barney Bubbles , though he did not change his name by deed poll for several more years .
On 21 April , Lord Byron signed the deed of separation , although very reluctantly , and left England for good a few days later .
Not only did they confront state armed forces , as in Spain and Ukraine , but some of them also employed terrorism as propaganda of the deed .
The Mount Gay Rum visitor 's centre in Barbados claims to be the world 's oldest remaining rum company , with the earliest confirmed deed from 1703 .
It was created by a deed that he signed on June 7 , 1901 , and it was incorporated by the Royal Charter on August 21 , 1902 .
Unlike his sources , Shakespeare gives Banquo no role in the King 's murder , making it a deed committed solely by Macbeth and his wife , Lady Macbeth .
While recording is not required to make the grant effective , it offers important benefits , much like those obtained by recording a deed in a real estate transaction .
In his commentary on Chapter 3 of the Brahma Sutras , Sivananda notes that karma is insentient and short-lived , and ceases to exist as soon as a deed is executed .
Sub-groups and propaganda output .
Education , propaganda and commercials .
But most of the roots are Slav propaganda .
This strategy became known as propaganda of the deed .
Celebrating the anniversary of the city became part of imperial propaganda .
During World War II , animation was widely exploited for propaganda .
A 1967 law banned all fascist , religious , and antisocialist activity and propaganda .
Educational propaganda , with government help , could achieve this result in a generation .
With Lyndhurst 's encouragement Disraeli turned to writing propaganda for his newly adopted party .
American Patriots tended to represent such troops as mercenaries in propaganda against the British Crown .
Anarchists also reinforced their propaganda within the arts , some of whom practiced naturism and nudism .
Communication is one of the most relevant tools in political strategies , including persuasion and propaganda .
In Party propaganda , Big Brother is presented as one of the founders of the Party .
Similar antisemitic propaganda in Poland resulted in the flight of Polish Jewish survivors from the country .
Speer in response used his propaganda expertise to display a new dynamism of the war economy .
American strategy .
Basic strategy .
Blackjack strategy .
British strategy .
Composition-dependent strategy .
Early strategy .
Game strategy .
Management strategy .
Union military strategy .
British northern strategy fails .
MacArthur 's strategy was chosen .
Sincere strategy with ordinal preferences .
This strategy was immensely successful .
Hitler strongly supported this new strategy .
Luck , strategy , and diplomacy .
Non-painful execution .
Wrongful execution .
Final days and execution .
Software loading and execution .
Usage for breaking the program 's execution .
Mehmed ordered the execution of his nineteen half brothers .
But what about a simulation or execution of the real thing ?
He opposed severity , maiming , and the execution of heretics .
The execution process carries out the instructions in a computer program .
The last execution in San Marino had taken place in 1468 .
WaitKey ( ) ; Pauses execution until a key is pressed .
Waitkey ( ) ; Pauses execution until a key is pressed .
A utility program is designed to aid system administration and software execution .
The executive branch is responsible for the execution and oversight of laws .
The use of formal execution extends to the beginning of recorded history .
Fifth exile .
First exile .
Fourth exile .
In exile .
Second exile .
Third exile .
Activities in exile .
Life in exile .
Return from exile .
Return from exile .
Liberius went into exile .
Dethronement and politics in exile .
Internal exile ( 1980–1986 ) .
Abdur Rahman lived in exile in Tashkent .
Archbishop Eskil returned from exile in 1167 .
Several prominent Catalan authors resisted the suppression through literature .
After the suppression of the conspiracy , Cicero was proud of his accomplishment .
This results in the suppression of ferromagnetism and the re-emergence of magic and magical creatures .
Upon suppression of the rebellion , regional military governors , known as Jiedushi , gained increasingly autonomous status .
Another improvement over standard AM is obtained through reduction or suppression of the carrier component of the modulated spectrum .
However , sterilizing the compost , compost tea , or compost extracts will reduce the effect of pathogen suppression .
Over time , especially with the suppression of rebellions , Athens exercised hegemony over the rest of the league .
1859 ) chronicled the suppression of the lower presidency and put the number of Abbreviators at that date at eleven .
1917 ) and the official suppression of the Bolsheviks , Kerensky succeeded Prince Lvov as Russia 's Prime Minister on .
Hungarian dissatisfaction arose partly from Austria 's suppression , with Russian support , of the Hungarian liberal revolution of 1848–49 .
The European parliamentarians were primarily concerned about the suppression of independent media outlets in the country and the fraudulent referendum .
After violent suppression by elements of the German Army and notably the Freikorps , the Bavarian Soviet Republic fell in May 1919 .
Ants perform many ecological roles that are beneficial to humans , including the suppression of pest populations and aeration of the soil .
Orwell 's essay criticised British self-censorship by the press , specifically the suppression of unflattering descriptions of Stalin and the Soviet government .
The ideal solution would be the suppression of each of these individuals as soon as he has proven himself to be dangerous .
Gene expression .
Gene expression .
Historical expression .
Freedom of expression .
Analysis of gene expression .
Analysis of protein expression .
Gene and protein expression .
Gene and protein expression .
Freedom of opinion and expression .
Proof of the integral-form expression .
Plural forms have additional possibilities of expression .
The expression bachelor party is recorded 1882 .
An alternative expression is where the identity is applied .
HIV-1 expression induces tubular cell G2/M arrest and apoptosis .
In June 2011 E-Belarus.org listed : Limited free expression .
penal system , but never gets paroled .
Witchcraft is a criminal offense under the penal code .
Arminius held that God 's justice was satisfied by penal substitution .
In 2014 , a new penal code took effect in Angola .
Wesleyan Arminians have historically adopted either penal or governmental theory of the atonement .
The penal colony was eventually closed on 15 August 1947 when India gained independence .
Bachelors have been subject to penal laws in many countries , most notably in Ancient Sparta and Rome .
He was particularly moved by the plight of the children living in the penal colony with their parents .
It was an organic , coherent , and systematic work of legislation encompassing the civil and penal law .
Steven Harper proposed that Wesley 's atonement is a hybrid of the penal substitution theory and the governmental theory .
At the close of World War II , the British government announced its intention to shut down the penal settlement .
Because of the penal laws , Catholics had no hope of social advancement while they remained in their native land .
However , there was much disease and death in the penal colony and the government ceased operating it in May 1796 .
However , following representations made by the newly independent government of India , their sentences were reduced to penal servitude for life .
Some jurisdictions have penal codes written to inflict permanent harsh punishments : legal mutilation , capital punishment , or life without parole .
Designation as a terrorist group .
Schwander had founded a terrorist group , `` R.I.S.E .
Chechen rebels continued to fight Russian troops and conduct terrorist attacks .
This man-made disaster can be a template for a terrorist scenario .
Indigenous terrorist groups have been actively operating in Algeria since around 2002 .
A terrorist bombing was attempted outside the Bank of England building in 1913 .
Prior to the terrorist attack , Omari was an airport security guard and imam .
Al-Qaeda-affiliated terrorist Ramzi Yousef operated in the Philippines in the mid-1990s and trained Abu Sayyaf soldiers .
Australia last issued an advisory on Monday , 5 January 2015 due to new terrorist threats .
During this period , Baghdad had one of the highest rates of terrorist attacks in the world .
Al-Qaeda is deemed a designated terrorist group by the following countries and international organizations : War on terror .
Aluminum plaques , painted black , are inscribed with the names of the 184 victims of the terrorist attack .
For instance , terrorist groups were responsible for the bombing of Air India Flight 182 over the Irish coast .
On December 18 , 2013 , the US Treasury designated Nuaimi as a terrorist for his activities supporting al-Qaeda .
Balochistan Liberation Army , an organization listed as a terrorist organization by three countries , is active in the region .
Illegal immigration .
Ancestry and immigration .
Diversity and immigration .
Jewish and Muslim immigration .
Refugee and immigration detention .
Emigration , immigration , and demographic shifts .
Race , ethnicity , language , and immigration .
immigration policy as outlined in the Utah Compact .
Some early 20th-century immigration included people from eastern Europe .
However , the positive effects of immigration were apparently stronger .
From the 19th century , Brazil opened its borders to immigration .
The immigration process accelerated after the independence of Algeria in 1962 .
This fueled the opening of Chinese restaurants as an immigration vehicle .
Costa Rica 's immigration is among the largest in the Caribbean Basin .
Opposition to immigration has been central to the BNP 's political platform .
This did not exclude martial arts culture .
that the space not exclude any `` limiting values '' of points .
Such observations can be used to exclude possible alternatives such as neutron stars .
Lincoln angrily protested the judge 's initial decision to exclude Cartwright 's testimony about the confession as inadmissible hearsay .
In 1891 state legislators passed a requirement for a literacy test , knowing it would exclude many blacks and whites .
In 1940 , the ACLU leadership voted to exclude communists from its leadership positions , a decision rescinded in 1968 .
Pro-European UK citizens are much less likely to use `` Europe '' in ways that exclude the UK and Ireland .
Subsequently , the axiom of choice and the axiom of regularity were added to exclude models with some undesirable properties .
For if it has been by mere institution , then we had no reason compelling us to exclude women from government .
Although cyanobacteria are often referred to as `` blue-green algae '' , most authorities exclude all prokaryotes from the definition of algae .
By fencing these channels off in separate corporate entities , owners were able to exclude the income from consideration during contract negotiations .
The absence of such a signal does , however , not exclude the possibility that the compact object is a neutron star .
( In older works , some authors required 0 and 1 to be `` distinct '' elements in order to exclude this case . )
He went on to declare that public schools and colleges fill the heads of students with inept , useless knowledge and exclude useful knowledge .
As of 2015 mass spectrometry resolution is insufficient to exclude many false positives from the pool of peptides that may be presented by MHC molecules .
government .
government .
government .
City government .
City government .
City government .
County government .
Federal government .
In government .
Joint government .
Local government .
Local government .
Local government .
Local government .
Local government .
Corrosion-resistant brass for harsh environments .
Apparently they found this harsh and reacted resentfully .
The reign of Andronikos was characterized by his harsh measures .
Contributors to depopulation included disease , warfare , and harsh enslavement .
These records did not satisfy him , the instrument being too harsh .
The term became common in the press during the harsh winter of 1880–81 .
Belgian Blue cattle require more skilled management and do not thrive in harsh environments .
They believed slavery was a human institution which Baptist teaching could make less harsh .
Indeed , the city is renowned for its fierce winter snow storms and harsh winds .
Lincoln vetoed only four bills , including the Wade-Davis Bill with its harsh Reconstruction program .
The singing is harsh and unnatural , the intonation difficult , and the movement limited .
The singing is harsh and unnatural , the intonation difficult , and the movement limited .
The survivors were taken to Lima , Peru , where they endured a harsh imprisonment .
Arctic foxes survive harsh winters and food scarcity by either hoarding food or storing body fat .
He takes back his harsh words to his wife and tells her that he forgives her .
Aquitainian rebellion .
Jat rebellion .
1975 rebellion in Panjshir valley .
The Upper Canada rebellion leader W.L .
The swap quelled the simmering Yemeni rebellion .
However , the 1964 rebellion ended in failure .
Al-Fihri and al-Sumayl rode north to quash the rebellion .
But the Jats once again attempted began their rebellion .
Camus separates the modern form of rebellion into two modes .
They began a large-scale rebellion 75 miles southwest of Delhi .
Gómez was defeated and captured and the rebellion was snuffed out .
This rebellion would have a serious aftermath effect on the Punjab .
Aurangzeb appointed Mohammad Bidar Bakht as commander to crush the Jat rebellion .
Congress had multiple advantages if the rebellion turned into a protracted war .
Without Buckingham or Henry , the rebellion was easily crushed by Richard .
Power struggle over Mycenae .
The struggle for independence .
A power struggle followed Mao 's death in 1976 .
They struggle until a nuclear explosion obliterates both combatants .
This time the struggle is for our independence . ''
After a difficult struggle , he succeeded in suppressing piracy .
Survival was a moral as well as a physical struggle .
The beginning of the power struggle between mother and son .
The power struggle between Agrippina and her son had begun .
The thirty-seven year reign of Alexios was full of struggle .
Melisende was defeated in this struggle and Baldwin ruled alone thereafter .
During the struggle four or five of Adalbert 's brothers were killed .
The CSU was ultimately able to win this power struggle for itself .
The crew were able to subdue the man after a brief struggle .
The struggle between Vornoff and the octopus was filmed at Griffith Park .
Sargon had crushed opposition even at old age .
Bay leaves can also be crushed or ground before cooking .
He seems to me crushed and stunned by shock . ''
The Qing crushed and annihilated the Dzungars in the Dzungar genocide .
Without Buckingham or Henry , the rebellion was easily crushed by Richard .
However , Tulayha 's forces were crushed by Khalid ibn al-Walid and his forces .
In the battle , Musaylimah 's forces were crushed by Khalid and his forces .
Sand , natural gravel , and crushed stone are used mainly for this purpose .
The mined ore is washed , crushed , classified , and separated from quartz .
Two major products involved such working conditions in Benin : cotton and crushed granite .
He also faced revolts at the start of his reign , but quickly crushed them .
In early/mid-891 , Vikings invaded Lotharingia , and crushed an East Frankish army at Maastricht .
The ore is crushed , hand-sorted , but not usually concentrated , and then ground .
Units of General Oreste Baratieri 's army under Major crushed the rebellion and killed Bahta .
After initial defeats , Zeng crushed the rebels in the Third Battle of Nanking in 1864 .
The final push for Confederation .
Money is just a push for the act .
Indonesia has urged China to push Burma for reforms .
New exotic phases of matter could push up this bound .
and The Roots as socially conscious artists who push the envelope creatively .
Arcadius 's reign saw the growing push towards the outright abolishment of paganism .
Rocket engines push rockets forwards simply by throwing their exhaust backwards extremely fast .
Such reforms encouraged other ethnic groups to push for greater autonomy as well .
Clodius used the triumvirate 's backing to push through legislation that benefited them all .
Initially , the mace was used to push the balls , rather than strike them .
It also reflects a decreased likelihood of blackjack-blackjack push in a game with fewer decks .
Plunge-diving seabirds associate with dolphins and tuna , which push shoaling fish towards the surface .
Tupper now organized supporters of Confederation into a Confederation Party to push for the union .
The 5th Marines were to push to the eastern shore , cutting the island in half .
The outnumbered Gardaí tried to push back the crowd , but the embassy was burnt down .
Industrial revolution .
2011 Egyptian revolution .
Coming of revolution .
Prelude to revolution .
The sugar revolution .
Chemical revolution and opposition .
Faking revolution : the C.I.A .
Civil liberties revolution of the 1960s .
Communist revolution in Afghanistan ( 1978 ) .
In the 1970s the cable revolution began .
The 20th century brought an avant-garde revolution .
The whole digital revolution started with him . ''
supply of arms to Batista during the revolution .
The French revolution and the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
His experiences destroyed his previous tentative support for the revolution .
Automorphism group .
Carboxyl group .
Nationality group .
Species group placement .
General and group exhibitions .
The group reached No .
1970–1973 : Forming the group .
Designation as a terrorist group .
Organic and main group chemistry .
The Anglo-Gascon command group conferred .
The group celebrates their alliance .
youth group at Coventry Cathedral .
A second group arrived in 1977 .
B̃3 , [ 4,31,1 ] group .
Compounds with the group 13 elements .
D5 and C5 together create C5 .
Hydrogenation of arenes create saturated rings .
Time travel to create historical divergences .
to create the Jaguar Voice/Data Communicator .
Congress to create the State of Deseret .
Cult films can create their own subculture .
The rotor pushes air downward to create lift .
Their hope was to create a stronger government .
There are many ways to create these oscillators .
They did n't want to create an individual .
To know , to kill and to create .
Baroque architects sometimes used forced perspective to create illusions .
He helped Washington create the National Negro Business League .
However , a unified standard was easy to create .
It uses a transformer to create a sawtooth wave .
It is associated with probabilities implied by the odds not being coherent .
The function of the brain is to provide coherent control over the actions of an animal .
With an ever-changing administration , the County lacked a coherent long-term economic policy or support for reforms .
Geralt exists in a morally ambiguous universe , yet manages to maintain his own coherent code of ethics .
It was an organic , coherent , and systematic work of legislation encompassing the civil and penal law .
However , it was not until a quarter-century had elapsed that the revision reached the status of a coherent theory .
This therapeutical process teaches the patient to meaningfully align thought , by ( physically ) creating a coherent knitted piece .
As a framework for his coherent duality theory , he also introduced derived categories , which were further developed by Verdier .
Dickens 's talent was to incorporate this episodic writing style but still end up with a coherent novel at the end .
Lloyd George , now party leader , began a drive to produce coherent policies on many key issues of the day .
They have achieved acceptable accuracy at the page or paragraph level , and , by 2019 , could generate coherent text .
It is common to define the coherent states in quantum optics with formula_35 and states with fixed number of photons with formula_36 .
They are by no means mutually exclusive and are often combined to form a more complete and coherent interpretation of prophetic passages .
This physical property is used to make lasers , which can emit a coherent beam of light energy in a narrow frequency band .
Capone was competent at his prison job of stitching soles on shoes for eight hours a day , but his letters were barely coherent .
Caecilians superficially resemble earthworms and are limbless .
These symptoms resemble the effects of six climatic factors .
`` , which the F-4 was said to resemble .
The tables roughly resemble bathtubs and come in various sizes .
Their dialect is thought to resemble that of pre-modern Siem Reap .
Unlike in other amphibians , frog tadpoles do not resemble adults .
Tuataras superficially resemble lizards but the lineages diverged in the Triassic period .
The aforementioned caps resemble their regular road caps save for the black bill .
They have a humorous appearance , as they oddly resemble a fur ball .
Dark morph `` vulpinus '' resemble adult in flight more so than other morphs .
Aristotle reasoned naturalistically that instances in which dreams do resemble future events are simply coincidences .
The first `` S '' in `` Serpientes '' was shaped to resemble a rattlesnake .
They do not obviously resemble a typical leafless cactus such as an `` Echinocactus '' .
This scar must be distinguished from that of smallpox vaccination , which it may resemble .
The chambers were white inside , and nozzles were fixed to the ceiling to resemble showerheads .
Reducing autonomy reduces the size and expense of cisterns .
This amply justified the expense and risk in shipping them to Europe .
A variety of techniques are used with multiple factor ANOVA to reduce expense .
Bartering for business is also taxed accordingly as business income or business expense .
In July 1736 , Linnaeus travelled to England , at Clifford 's expense .
Al-Hakam achieved military successes , but at the expense of uniting the north against him .
The expense and difficulty of maintaining this distant possession prompted its sale to the U.S .
The patriot lives ; he has spared the country expense , continued excitement and trouble .
Under this arrangement , the author does not pay anything towards the expense of publication .
When his house burned down , the Senate demanded it be rebuilt at public expense .
Widdecombe was one of the 98 MPs who voted to keep their expense details secret .
A well-designed building can reduce this issue , but usually at the expense of reduced autonomy .
However , some of this is at the expense of the environment , including the Amazon .
Airlines such as EasyJet and Ryanair have often grown at the expense of the traditional national airlines .
Critics pointed out that many of the original problems remained in both areas of performance and expense .
`` Monsieur Verdoux '' and communist accusations .
Fall of the Afghan communist regime ( 1992 ) .
The split created two separate communist forces in Europe .
Ginsberg travelled to several communist countries to promote free speech .
The communist regime gave way to democratic elections and government .
During the communist era , the production area expanded to some .
He subsequently took full control of Panjshir , pushing out Afghan communist troops .
Klement Gottwald , the communist leader , became prime minister of a coalition government .
Manufacture of forklifts , a speciality in the communist era , also has stopped .
Mao Zedong added Marxism , Stalinism , Chinese Marxist Philosophy and other communist thought .
Socialist classicism arrived during the communist era in Albania after the Second World War .
The communist regime persecuted and suppressed religious observance and institutions and entirely banned religion .
Chaplin was not the only actor in America Orwell accused of being a secret communist .
Romanian troops ousted Béla Kun and his communist government during the Hungarian–Romanian War of 1919 .
They were economically communist and depended upon the Soviet Union for significant amounts of materials .
First major voyage .
Second major voyage .
1 in E-flat major .
7 in A major .
Headquarters and major facilities .
Support from major compilers .
Unlike other major U.S .
Ballarat has two major hospitals .
Ferrous metallurgy has major importance .
Rise of the major leagues .
This is a major clue .
16 in F major , Op .
5 in E-flat major , op .
5 in F major , Op .
BGM Projects is another major shareholder .
allied and neutral countries .
Ames is the home of the closely allied U.S .
The majority of Kentuckians allied with the Union camp .
In the latter , the movement initially allied itself with the Bolsheviks .
The Ammonites soon allied themselves with Eglon of Moab in attacking Israel .
This field is closely allied with conservation science , curators and registrars .
Ahab was allied by marriage with Jehoshaphat , who was king of Judah .
Other collegiate bodies include professional associations , particularly in medicine and allied professions .
Shiv Sena later allied itself with the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) .
After the death of his father , Hunald I allied himself with free Lombardy .
Her father , Aung San , allied with the Japanese during World War II .
They carried out a continuous series of charges , and halted the allied advance .
This led to allied efforts to capture launching sites in Belgium and the Netherlands .
While no major allied warships were lost , several fleet carriers were severely damaged .
This group became known as `` ultimatists '' and was generally allied with the recallists .
Civil war .
Indian war .
Just war .
Phoney war .
Serbo-Bulgarian war .
Telegony war .
The war .
Theban war .
After the war .
Decision for war .
Early war years .
King at war .
Period of war .
The war years .
Theory of war .
European tradition .
Greco-Roman tradition .
Indian tradition .
Indian tradition .
Indian tradition .
Year-end tradition .
East Syriac tradition .
European classical tradition .
Medieval commentary tradition .
The Dignāga-Dharmakīrti tradition .
Debate over oral tradition .
Greek and Roman tradition .
Greek and Roman tradition .
Greek and Roman tradition .
Reincarnation in Jewish tradition .
It was a pivotal time in his life .
Apollo played a pivotal role in the entire Trojan War .
The decision can be `` pivotal '' in reducing emissions .
Buckminster Fuller recalled 1927 as a pivotal year of his life .
The short-lived Sui dynasty was a pivotal period in Chinese history .
Salieri was a pivotal figure in the development of late 18th-century opera .
Experimentation with psychotropic substances also proved pivotal to the group 's development as artists .
A long tradition of Spanish anarchism led to anarchists playing a pivotal role in the war .
Music took on a pivotal and permanent role in Einstein 's life from that period on .
The human characters , in particular , become pivotal to the resistance against Earth 's descent into totalitarianism .
The pivotal event of the book is an appearance of Jesus Christ in the Americas shortly after his resurrection .
The Republic 's only president was William B. Ide , who played a pivotal role during the Bear Flag Revolt .
The pivotal moment came in the early spring of 1948 , when Pauling caught a cold and went to bed .
He was a key general in Augustus ' armies , commanding troops in pivotal battles against Mark Antony and Sextus Pompeius .
Some of the pivotal scenes would be choosing the name for the band , the tour and the infamous Detroit concert .
Dissolution of the Soviet armed forces .
History of the Azerbaijani armed forces .
Institutions and special units of the armed forces .
The armed forces suffered particularly from the overlap .
Bakassi is now armed only with 40 mm cannon .
More armed clashes broke out in the early 1990s .
Young nationalists became increasingly attracted to armed republican groups .
armed forces , associated with German units under NATO .
Crimes were committed by individuals within the different armed factions .
It was the first armed petrol engine-powered vehicle ever built .
The armed forces are managed by the Ministry of Defence .
Abdul Hamid now sought to reform the Empire 's armed forces .
At the time of independence , Botswana had no armed forces .
Athena leaped from Zeus 's head , fully grown and armed .
Heavier vehicles are armed with autocannon or a large caliber gun .
Anglo-Gascon army .
Field army .
French army .
Modern army .
army numbered 16,000 .
Reform of the army .
and Lee 's army .
1471–1493 ) and his army .
Enlistment in the Union army .
Revolt of the Hellenic army .
Grant 's army moved steadily south .
The Greek army was also successful .
The Israelite army returns to Jerusalem .
The army between the World Wars .
The army has approximately 40,000 reservists .
Non-arable land .
Arable land area .
Indigenous land claims .
foot to land .
Effect of land conveyances .
Livestock and land use .
Relationship to land plants .
Sale/leaseback of public land .
America as a distinct land .
Andorra 's land area is .
Irrigated land covers 1,031 km2 .
It contains of land area .
Native and state land selection .
bison population on public land .
land , labor and money .
Both and large .
Its cecum is large .
Every large monastery had priories .
Land vertebrates included large amphibians .
Top large seas : Bathymetry .
Most species have large well-developed eyes .
Some very large shops ( e.g .
A city is a large human settlement .
Albania has considerably large deposits of oil .
BT controls a number of large subsidiaries .
Bengal also had a large shipbuilding industry .
Cenlabration ends with a large fireworks display .
Frogs have large eyes and no tail .
However several large municipalities support minority languages .
Modern cisterns are usually large plastic tanks .
Literacy is limited , especially in rural areas .
There are urban , rural and residential schools .
Another idyllic rural edifice is Wittichen Abbey near Schenkenzell .
It was the low-down music played by rural blacks .
Mobile phone coverage is rapidly expanding in rural areas .
Several rural community radio stations function with foreign funding .
Suicide rates for rural residents are higher than urban .
The heavily rural Austro-Hungarian economy slowly modernised after 1867 .
Coverage in urban areas is bigger than in rural ones .
Mortality rates are much higher in rural than urban areas .
The rural landscape , Ailesberry Farm , contrasts Paradigm City .
Arbanasi and Bozhentsi are rural tourist destinations with well-preserved ethnographic traditions .
In rural areas , meals are typically simpler than in cities .
The kitchens can be divided into the urban and rural kitchens .
The little-recorded Robert Johnson combined elements of urban and rural blues .
Birth control .
British control .
Dutch control .
Flood control .
Motor control .
Pest control .
Pollution control .
Transmission control .
Active noise control .
Air traffic control .
Birth control pills .
Broadcast domain control .
Printer control languages .
Regulation and control .
British and Dutch control .
Film series .
Laurent series .
TV series .
Taylor series .
Taylor series .
Television series .
x86 series .
IBM PS/2 series .
The infinite series .
The series features Dr .
AFI 100 Years ... series .
Atlanta leads the series 52–48 .
During the series , St .
The series will be CG-Animated .
Astros series is not currently possible .
fight against communism .
During this fight Raveneck was wounded .
I would fight , I would rebel .
`` chrysogenum '' that fight plant pathogens .
public to fight this costly cold war .
After a prolonged fight this was also repulsed .
Denard however ordered his mercenaries not to fight .
Left to fight alone , they were defeated .
Some simply fight their way into the nest .
Gordon attempts to fight a new villain called Mr .
He supported Ahmed in his fight with his rivals .
I ca n't fight for myself any more . ''
The fight for Bambari in early 2017 displaced 20,000 .
Captives agreed not to fight until they were officially exchanged .
One alternative was to go fight Soviet-supported wars in Africa .
Navigation assistance .
Military assistance was needed .
`` Culloden '' especially required assistance .
Occupational therapy can provide assistance with activities .
The international assistance operations are still ongoing .
training assistance in counter-terrorism tactics and humanitarian assistance .
It had been built in 1960 with French assistance .
With the assistance of a Brooklyn Union Gas Co .
Borromini designed the illusion with the assistance of a mathematician .
He immediately called for assistance and the street was evacuated .
Tasman got the assistance of the governor Adriaan van der Stel .
The Prince indulged in Terror activities without any assistance from others .
Unable to help directly , Besig turned to Wayne Collins for assistance .
Another issue suitable for appeal in criminal cases is effective assistance of counsel .
Bosnia and Herzegovina has been preparing for an era of declining international assistance .
Latest election result .
1 as a result .
The result was the A∴A∴ .
Additional steps define the final result .
As a result , the U.S .
As a result , the U.S .
Most abortions result from unintended pregnancies .
Others may result in cardiac arrest .
Repeated incidents can result in disqualification .
The eventual result is not known .
As a result , it was unreliable .
The result is a hard plastic material .
The result was accompanying or infantry guns .
This may result in different product characteristics .
This time the result was far different .
Once war broke out , the American strategy was to seize Canada .
The Confederacy made no further attempts to seize the Southwestern United States .
In contrast , the prevailing attitude among Patriots was a desire to seize the initiative .
Saul ) and never taking any of his numerous chances to seize the throne by violence .
A revolt which broke out among native Egyptian soldiers gave him his opportunity to seize the throne .
At the same time , Afonso refused approaches from opponents of Almeida who encouraged him to seize power .
Caymanian settlers resented their administrative association with Jamaica causing them to seize every opportunity to undermine the authorities .
Jackson believed the best way to do this was to seize Florida from Spain once and for all .
Later in the year , a second campaign was undertaken to seize the Illinois Country from the British .
Once the opportunity to claim was presented by management the savers in particular could be relied upon to seize it .
The trustee may then seize the asset and liquidate it for the benefit of the ( formerly discharged ) creditors .
At the end of 1645 the Chyhyryn starosta Daniel Czapliński officially received authority from Koniecpolski to seize Khmelnytsky 's Subotiv estate .
For these reasons , he was expected to seize opportunities during the 1990s to pursue closer ties with the Arab World .
Shawar , however , feared that Shirkuh would seize power for himself , and he too looked to Amalric for assistance .
Arnulf then proceeded to exile to Bavaria two leading senators , Constantine and Stephen , who had helped Ageltrude to seize Rome .
First revival .
Liberal revival .
Possible revival .
Second revival .
Urban revival .
1995 London revival .
2008 London revival .
2009 Broadway revival .
Attempts at revival .
Line dancing revival .
The Batavian revival .
1989 West End revival .
London Olympics ' 2012 revival .
18th century revival as a sport .
2009–2012 : Hole revival and visual art .
An EEG will likely show diffuse slowing .
His baptism likely took place at Canterbury .
Many of the tentative groupings are likely linkages .
Single-walled nanotubes are likely candidates for miniaturizing electronics .
The election was thought likely to be close .
Anaximander most likely drew this map for three reasons .
Fewer than 5,000 animals of each species likely remain .
It is likely bloodletting was an antecedent to acupuncture .
The median of the likely orbits is 12.4 days .
A more likely source is , 'binding , entwining ' .
Accounts vary , but Bedr likely escaped with Abd ar-Rahman .
Livy concluded that the Romans would likely have defeated Alexander .
Retrospective studies identified four other cases likely of similar cause .
The cave artwork likely underwent revisions and refurbishments over time .
The dense material surrounding UCHII regions is likely primarily molecular .
Boot failure .
Cardiomyopathy/heart failure .
Causes of failure .
Another possible cause of condom failure is sabotage .
Hemolysis , renal , and liver failure result .
However , the 1964 rebellion ended in failure .
The play was a critical and financial failure .
Although failure was common , it was easily repairable .
Other complications include heart failure or an abnormal heartbeat .
Other complications include heart failure or an irregular heartbeat .
The probability of a single failure is typically small .
The risks were also heightened by many emigrants failure .
Complications that can result from heart defects include heart failure .
Impending failure on hard disk drives is estimable using S.M.A.R.T .
The film was an immense box office and critical failure .
Sustainable capitalism .
Crony capitalism index .
capitalism and imperialism .
Crony capitalism exists along a continuum .
Supporters of capitalism also generally oppose crony capitalism .
Broader processes of globalization carried capitalism across the world .
One of the foundational blocks of capitalism is competition .
Welfare capitalism is capitalism that includes social welfare policies .
Habermas observed four general features that characterise advanced capitalism : Corporate .
Without these two unjust institutions , capitalism could not exist '' .
They tend to support a decentralized political order resulting in laissez-faire capitalism .
This innovative approach to native settlements engaged the tribes in corporate capitalism .
Traditional anarchists reject the notion of capitalism , hierarchies and private property .
Murdoch once described the band as a `` product of botched capitalism '' .
This work brought her into contact with other intellectuals sympathetic to free-market capitalism .
Awards and critical reception .
Influence of critical theory .
Others were more critical .
Theory of critical opalescence .
However , location is critical .
Lack of critical media coverage .
Musical career and critical reception .
The tour received positive critical appreciation .
Fire safety was a critical design issue .
Lifelong socialization and gentle handling are critical .
Bill Gates is critical of Cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin .
It was a critical moment of the battle .
The play was a critical and financial failure .
They have from the outset divided critical opinion .
Worldwide recognition and critical success ( 2003–2008 ) .
Scientific and environmental .
Social and environmental policy .
Barbados is susceptible to environmental pressures .
Cadmium is also an environmental hazard .
Plants , climate and environmental change .
polyethyleneterephthalate : Safety and environmental considerations .
Abandoned chromium production sites often require environmental cleanup .
Armenia is working on addressing its environmental problems .
Goldwater was a strong supporter of environmental protection .
Mining and natural exploitation has had environmental consequences .
The overall environmental impact is almost certainly negative .
Malaria is the most deadly environmental disease in Africa .
More progress has been made on the environmental front .
This process can result in environmental and health problems .
Agent Orange has also caused enormous environmental damage in Vietnam .
World peace .
Irish peace talks .
Paris peace treaty .
Rest in peace !
War and peace .
American Congress signs a peace .
Peacekeeping and peace enforcing forces .
Britain 's `` American war '' and peace .
Cardiff was at peace throughout the ensuing century .
Reverses followed peace with Persia in 449 BC .
strategy to bring a stable peace to Bosnia .
After a period of peace , the cycle recurs .
Alfred was forced instead to make peace with them .
Athens sued for peace and Alexander pardoned the rebels .
He agreed to a peace agreement for 600,000 dinars .
Democratic transition .
Helix–coil transition .
Phase transition .
Baroque/Classical transition c .
Coal regions in transition .
Post-war transition to independence .
1970s : transition to Hollywood .
form complexes with transition metals .
Alkynes form complexes with transition metals .
Doing so creates a smoother transition .
Alkenes are ligands in transition metal alkene complexes .
The 5ESS Switch was developed during this transition .
In a transition band the gain is not specified .
Ammonia can act as a ligand in transition metal complexes .
Any addition of thermal energy results in a phase transition .
5 the previous summer .
1 for the previous hundred years .
It replaced the previous free version .
Return flights are the previous day .
debate and previous refusal to sell .
The 1958 case , under previous advocate R.L .
the previous eldest hand becomes the new dealer .
All the previous presidents have also represented the same party .
All the previous presidents have also represented the same party .
An over-valued peso inherited from the previous administration was maintained .
As with two previous ceremonies , there was no host .
His experiences destroyed his previous tentative support for the revolution .
It was also roughly one-third lighter than the previous model .
Older siblings from a previous litter also play a role .
Oxy-acetylene welding was a popular welding process in previous decades .
It also saw a transition from its previous revolutionary nature to provocative anti-capitalist reformism .
Many of Baudelaire 's philosophical proclamations were considered scandalous and intentionally provocative in his time .
It is noted by critics as the moment that Spears showed signs of becoming a more provocative performer .
The defense team decided against placing him on the witness stand , fearing his remarks were too provocative .
In 1970 , he was the subject of a provocative NBC documentary called `` This Is Al Capp '' .
Gaga has also cited Spears as an influence , calling her `` the most provocative performer of my time . ''
This was done through an orchestrated campaign of civilian massacres and a number of provocative attacks against high-profile religious targets .
The first unblack metal record , `` Hellig Usvart '' ( 1994 ) by Australian artist Horde , was a provocative parody of Norwegian black metal .
But it was poorly timed and the provocative effect should have been foreseen ; indeed , it was foreseen by those who urged that the visit be prohibited .
His Turing test was a significant , characteristically provocative , and lasting contribution to the debate regarding artificial intelligence , which continues after more than half a century .
It was a provocative and controversial road comedy about two sexually obsessed teenagers who take an extended road trip with an attractive married woman who is much older than them .
By the end of 1990 , frustrated by the lack of any indication from Hawke as to when he might retire , Keating made a provocative speech to the Federal Parliamentary Press Gallery .
Spears adopted a more mature and provocative style for her albums `` Britney '' ( 2001 ) and `` In the Zone '' ( 2003 ) , and starred in the 2002 film `` Crossroads '' .
The site 's consensus reads : `` Daring , provocative , and laugh-out-loud funny , `` Blazing Saddles '' is a gleefully vulgar spoof of Westerns that marks a high point in Mel Brooks ' storied career . ''
He also pioneered two provocative variations of the Sicilian Defence : the , 1.e4 c5 2.Nf3 Nf6 , which invites 3.e5 Nd5 ( similar to Alekhine 's Defence ) and 1.e4 c5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.d4 cxd4 4.Nxd4 d5 ? !
Chicano punk is a branch of Chicano rock .
Yet his lead singing is real nasal , real punk .
In music , anarchism has been associated with music scenes such as punk .
The pop punk band Marianas Trench have an album titled `` Astoria '' .
They have also been described as alternative hip hop , and punk rap .
I use the word 'folk ' in reference to punk music and rap music .
Male punk rock musicians have performed on the stage wearing women 's bikini briefs .
Similarly , Bathory was initially inspired by crust punk as well as heavy metal .
Stiff , Radar and F Beat ( and other punk and new wave ) .
Hole appeared on the cover of `` Flipside '' , a Los Angeles-based punk fanzine .
In addition , Norwegian band Darkthrone have incorporated crust punk traits in their more recent material .
Ishii 's punk films paved the way for Otomo 's seminal cyberpunk work `` Akira '' .
This emphasis on the misfits and the malcontents is the `` punk '' component of cyberpunk .
Also popular in the late 1970s , punk rock came to influence the birth of black metal .
Anarchism became associated with punk subculture as exemplified by bands such as Crass and the Sex Pistols .
metre per second .
After the second wave .
Definition of the second .
First and second centuries .
The second column is .
The second ship escapes .
Aftermath of the second incident .
His parents were second cousins .
and producing her second No .
A second group arrived in 1977 .
A second later embassy was unsuccessful .
Buffalo ranked second nationwide to St .
Clinton was only the second U.S .
He placed second in the Mr .
His second wife was Masja Dessau .
Zahra Airall is a feminist writer and playwright from Antigua .
Begum Rokeya is regarded as the pioneer feminist writer of Bangladesh .
One feminist viewpoint sees the bikini uniform as objectification of women athletes .
Bengal has a long history of feminist activism dating back to the 19th century .
Moreover , there was no feminist movement to speak of during Wollstonecraft 's lifetime .
His films have also been interpreted as feminist and examined for their perceived queer affinities .
In the 21st century , an emphasis on feminist design has emerged within cross-stitch communities .
On this ground , proponents of feminist metaphysics have accused Aristotle of misogyny and sexism .
The established feminist tendencies of anarcha-feminism returned with vigour during the second wave of feminism .
Mullally has described herself as a feminist and will ordain both men and women to the priesthood .
`` The Tenant of Wildfell Hall '' is thought to be one of the first feminist novels .
Diane was a vocal feminist , and Sam was the epitome of everything she hated : promiscuity and chauvinism .
Research in kinship studies often crosses over into different anthropological subfields including medical , feminist , and public anthropology .
This correction of systemic bias may include mainstream feminist theory , history , linguistics , archaeology , and anthropology .
Briggs would later contribute a commentary track to the DVD release in which he describes it as a feminist film .
Other demographic statistics .
Other demographic statistics .
Other demographic statistics .
Other demographic statistics .
CIA World Factbook demographic statistics .
CIA World Factbook demographic statistics .
The Ottoman wars drove demographic changes .
Emigration , immigration , and demographic shifts .
Bulgaria is in a state of demographic crisis .
Indigenous languages of Cameroon include : Other demographic statistics .
on the demographic and psychosocial features of BDSM participants .
The following demographic statistics are from the CIA World Factbook .
The following demographic statistics are from the CIA World Factbook .
The following demographic statistics are from the CIA World Factbook .
The following demographic statistics are from the CIA World Factbook .
Fulvia decided to take action .
Slow reductions did take place .
Casinos take steps to prevent this .
I 'll take the check . ''
Players take turns cutting a string .
would take too long to execute .
Certain meteor showers take place in August .
Faure did not take this affair lightly .
Hill agreed to take a polygraph test .
In the first step we take formula_18 .
Males typically take flight before the females .
Players with blackjack can also take insurance .
Reactions can take place between two solids .
Roman Catholic services take place in St .
These take the form of applied ethics .
Alternative form .
Ballad form .
Final form .
General form .
Harmonic form .
Inharmonic form .
Modern form .
Narrative form .
Polynomial form .
Blind cave form .
Conjunctive normal form .
Conjunctive normal form .
Disjunctive normal form .
Matter and form .
Shooting technique and form .
On the move .
Education and move to Illinois .
The Major Leagues move west .
The British move South , 1778–1783 .
a dubious move not easily refuted .
an excellent move ; `` ? ''
He began to move in Tory circles .
Hitchhiking is what makes Cuba move . ''
The move was met with some controversy .
This move sparked widespread protests among Okinawans .
This started the move to the 68000 processor .
indicates a good move ; `` ! ! ''
The head strike is a very important counter-attack move .
These hardware-level instructions move data throughout the data path .
A few forms such as `` Cristatella '' can move .
Brill , Peckham , maximum traction ) .
Heat is generated from traction equipment and drag .
– but their campaign had only limited success in gaining traction .
Tyres called R-Compounds are commonly used in motorsports for high amounts of traction .
A maximum traction truck has one driving axle with large wheels and one nondriving axle with smaller wheels .
But the issue is frequently referenced in popular accounts of the war and has much traction among Southerners .
This coincided with its failure to gain traction in Northern Europe and its unprecedented height in Latin America .
This included the withdrawal of steam traction and its replacement by diesel ( and some electric ) locomotives .
CP was the first railway in North America to pioneer alternating current ( AC ) traction diesel-electric locomotives in 1984 .
A breakthrough occurred in 1957 when Bombardier developed a one-piece molded rubber continuous track with enough durability to provide snow-gripping traction for lightweight vehicles .
The prototype InterCity 125 ( power cars 43000 and 43001 ) set the world speed record for diesel traction at on 12 June 1973 .
In 1890 , a third of Chicago 's 2000 miles of streets were paved , chiefly with wooden blocks , which gave better traction than mud .
Jones appealed Webber Wright 's ruling , and her suit gained traction following Clinton 's admission to having an affair with Monica Lewinsky in August 1998 .
The soft rubber allows them to expand when they are heated up , making more surface area on the pavement , therefore producing the most traction .
Such ideas are mooted from time to time but have failed to gain traction because of the loss of continuity , massive upheaval in implementation , and religious objections .
The loading gauge height is .
The height at the shoulder is .
Both are mounted at the same height .
These mountains rise to a height of .
Ashurbanipal was at the height of his glory .
Hence , the best case height ( i.e .
The mean height of the mountain peaks is .
A related indicator is waist circumference divided by height .
Thus , height can be an advantage in blocking .
At its height , the Concert managed network was extensive .
Players regularly inflate their height in high school or college .
The dog 's height should be between , for bitches .
The plant is a rhizomatous evergreen geophyte from in height .
`` , gain height from updrafts such as thermal currents .
But you use that height , and the player gets mad .
They gain roughly during the weaning period .
A highly confusing term is `` gain '' .
In a transition band the gain is not specified .
Austria would gain full ownership of Bosnia with Russian approval .
The Liberal Democrats made a net gain of six seats .
This heating leads to ignition and an overall energy gain .
`` , gain height from updrafts such as thermal currents .
He had used the controversial Visa Express program to gain entry .
The House of Habsburg attempted to gain control over the city .
The first abjad to gain widespread usage was the Phoenician abjad .
Combinations are a series of tactical moves executed to achieve some gain .
Meanwhile , Pris locates Sebastian and manipulates him to gain his trust .
The BNP remained unable to gain a broad appeal or widespread credibility .
This controls the gain of the IF amplifier stages and the tuner .
Woe to him who gets an evil gain for his house . ''
Enduring popularity .
Mainstream popularity .
Rise to popularity .
Cultural impact and popularity .
1939–1952 : controversies and fading popularity .
During the 1980s , C gradually gained popularity .
In France this instrument gained popularity among aristocrats .
Sports bikinis have gained popularity since the 1990s .
The CSU 's popularity declined in subsequent years .
`` And the popularity lasted and lasted . ''
1967–1969 : Faltered popularity and Brian 's reduced involvement .
Meanwhile , acupuncture grew in popularity in the US .
Novels of vernacular style gained unprecedented status and popularity .
Snowboarding has mushroomed in popularity since the early 1990s .
American Sign Language is growing in popularity in many states .
Military involvement .
Political involvement .
Political involvement .
Alleged CIA involvement .
Early political involvement .
United Nations involvement .
involvement in the War .
involvement in the region .
Mormon involvement in national politics .
Political involvement of government institutions .
Anthropologists ' involvement with the U.S .
Azerbaijan has formal involvement with senior ex-U.S .
CIA involvement in the coup is documented .
By 1866 , with the involvement of Dr .
Prodrive had no financial involvement in the deal .
Industrial black metal .
Psychedelic black metal .
Symphonic black metal .
Depressive suicidal black metal .
National Socialist black metal .
Priesthood ban for black men .
The church and black people .
He dyed his beard black . ''
Most pearls are black from brown sugar .
Primordial black holes and the Big Bang .
Some develop black `` furry '' tongue .
( Iodine is a shiny black solid . )
Black Flag or black flag may refer to :
Detection of gravitational waves from merging black holes .
Dispute with Chandrasekhar on existence of black holes .
ad annum 1129 '' .
lxxi , ad Max .
Abusive `` ad hominem '' .
Types of ad hominem arguments .
Fallacious types of ad hominem arguments .
Valid types of ad hominem arguments .
Several types of `` ad hominem '' fallacies exist .
Circumstantial `` ad hominem '' arguments are not necessarily fallacious .
An ad ( advertisement ) is a form of marketing communication .
An ad campaign may be directed toward consumers or to businesses .
Middle- to late-medieval construction , when these were fabricated ad hoc . ''
The first banner ad appeared on the World Wide Web in 1994 .
The Goldwater campaign spotlighted Ronald Reagan , who appeared in a campaign ad .
The strategy was designed to help them compete with Google and ad networks .
This could be used as a quick `` ad hoc '' debugging aid .
then sudden destruction comes upon them . ''
Eventually Danes left , sparing Birka from destruction .
Everyone sings in horror of the destruction awaiting them .
Ptolemy 's pursuit caused much destruction in the Galilee region .
This script was not used after the destruction of Ugarit .
515 BCE and its destruction by the Romans in 70 CE .
Government sanctioned iconoclasm led to the destruction of images and relics .
There are 113 total proposed reactions leading to the destruction of .
Because of habitat destruction and hunting , its population has dramatically decreased .
Defoliation and crop destruction were completely stopped by June 30 , 1971 .
Some of the other possible formation reactions are : Interstellar destruction mechanisms .
The high specificity of phage protects `` good '' bacteria from destruction .
They advanced slowly , to facilitate their tasks of looting and destruction .
They discourage wanton destruction of nature including of wild and cultivated plants .
Despite destruction of the town , the oracle was still consulted , e.g .
Cleveland has five police districts .
The police pursue Vornoff through the woods .
Other measures included CCTV cameras and increased police patrols .
Ravers used map points techniques to derail police raids .
Schwarzenegger 's father was the local chief of police .
Their function was to police slaves , especially fugitives .
He eluded the clutches of half the police in Europe .
In 2018 , city police began wearing 300 body cameras .
In response , police closed some streets surrounding the tower .
Leningrad police even formed a special division to combat cannibalism .
The Alaska State Troopers are Alaska 's statewide police force .
The incident was resolved when the police stormed the plane .
This was opposed by residents and a local police inspector .
Wages for members of the police force were significantly increased .
Following this , police began a murder investigation into the killings .
That night and the next , there was sporadic violence and rioting in the unruly city .
Due to rioting and incendiary devices , an estimated worth of damage had been caused to local businesses .
This was attended by thousands of Eastern concertgoers across the Wall , followed by violent rioting in East Berlin .
This led to anti-Armenian rioting in Azerbaijan , with Azerbaijani militias beginning their effort to expel Armenians from the enclave .
Such clashes between soldiers and youths were common , and observers reported that the rioting was no more violent than usual .
He was called back by Arcadius almost immediately , as the people started rioting over his departure , even threatening to burn the imperial palace .
In Aleppo , rioting resulted in dozens of Jewish casualties , damage to 150 Jewish homes , and the torching of 5 schools and 10 synagogues .
The F-side supporters are responsible for a big part of the atmosphere in the stadium , but are also known for rioting during and after matches .
During the protests , `` ad hoc '' leaderless anonymous cadres known as black blocs engaged in rioting , property destruction and violent confrontations with the police .
The number of Comorians residing in Madagascar was drastically reduced after anti-Comorian rioting in December 1976 in Mahajanga , in which at least 1,400 Comorians were killed .
It had numerous anti-Lincoln officials who tolerated anti-army rioting in Baltimore and the burning of bridges , both aimed at hindering the passage of troops to the South .
Protests followed as pro-Christmas rioting broke out in several cities and for weeks Canterbury was controlled by the rioters , who decorated doorways with holly and shouted royalist slogans .
Shortly thereafter , the company tripled the water rates in that city , an action which resulted in protests and rioting among those who could no longer afford clean water .
The authorities decided to allow it to proceed in the Bogside , but to stop it from reaching Guildhall Square , as planned by the organisers , to avoid rioting .
Kennedy was notified of King 's murder before a campaign stop in Indianapolis , Indiana , and was warned not to attend the event due to fears of rioting from the mostly African-American crowd .
It has since returned to its anonymous owner .
The Book of Joshua is an anonymous work .
The program cited anonymous sources alleging it was a Chinese plot .
The sled was sold to an anonymous bidder for $ 233,500 .
Scholars call the anonymous author the `` '' Beowulf '' poet '' .
An anonymous monk of Bobbio lamented : Louis succeeded him as Charles had intended .
In the course of 1825 , Disraeli wrote three anonymous pamphlets for Powles , promoting the companies .
His statements were referred to by an anonymous US official under the Trump administration as largely boastful untruths .
Lisp programming style frequently uses higher-order functions for which it is useful to provide anonymous functions as arguments .
On 20 July 2018 , the sixth copy was sold at auction to an anonymous buyer for £95,000 .
Acts and the Gospel of Luke make up a two-part work , Luke–Acts , by the same anonymous author .
Owned by the charitable Dax Foundation , it was auctioned for $ 861,542 in 2011 to an anonymous buyer .
An anonymous 1790 manuscript on Aboriginal languages of New South Wales reported `` Boo-mer-rit '' as `` the Scimiter '' .
Karl Clausewitz wrote an interesting and anonymous Letter to Fichte ( 1809 ) about his book on `` Machiavelli . ''
Modern consensus amongst scholars is that Jeremiah did not write Lamentations ; like most ancient literature , the author remains anonymous .
Andersson was engaged to Christina Grönvall .
Many indigenous tribes engaged in constant warfare .
Early on , he was engaged in buccaneering .
He also engaged in piratical raids on Attica .
Prisoners engaged in hard labor were given extra rations .
Scientists engaged in chemical research are known as chemists .
Women engaged in anal intercourse less commonly than men .
He held an honorary position and seldom engaged in debate .
In 1905 , Potter and Norman Warne became unofficially engaged .
The Philippine military has engaged Abu Sayyaf since the 1990s .
Around that time , the two men engaged in a correspondence .
Colombia is engaged in a broad range of narcotics control activities .
Thereafter , Bell regularly engaged in football games with childhood friends .
60 percent of the population is engaged in agriculture and related activities .
By 1835 , they were in a relationship but not formally engaged .
Cockpit security .
Election security .
Food security .
On-board security .
Provable security .
Internal security vehicle .
Military and security .
Computer security and cryptography .
Foreign relations and security .
HDD passwords and security .
History of security concerns .
Approaches to improving food security .
Emergency services and homeland security .
Hong Kong national security law .
Foreign relations , defence and security .
Cancel culture .
Contemporary culture .
Corporate culture .
In culture .
In culture .
In culture .
In culture .
In culture .
In culture .
Komani-Kruja culture .
Material culture .
Political culture .
Political culture .
Political culture .
Political culture .
Somatic hypermutation and affinity maturation .
However , liquid chromatography techniques exist that do utilize affinity chromatography properties .
Phosphocellulose chromatography utilizes the binding affinity of many DNA-binding proteins for phosphocellulose .
The decision-making process of small anarchist affinity groups plays a significant tactical role .
A consideration of the combination of characters allows researchers to establish the taxonomic affinity .
Like dopamine , amphetamine has low , micromolar affinity at the human 5-HT1A receptor .
Traditional affinity columns are used as a preparative step to flush out unwanted biomolecules .
Arsenic 's toxicity comes from the affinity of arsenic ( III ) oxides for thiols .
It thus is much more similar to conventional affinity chromatography than to counter current chromatography .
Queen Victoria expressed an affinity for Scotland , even professing herself to be a Jacobite .
The process of generating antibodies with increased binding affinities is called `` affinity maturation '' .
The study altered temperature as to effect the binding affinity of BSA onto the matrix .
The majority of human neoantigens identified in unbiased screens display a high predicted MHC binding affinity .
Being polyanionic and featuring a potentially chelating polyphosphate group , ATP binds metal cations with high affinity .
Often these columns can be loaded with different metals to create a column with a targeted affinity .
Food as an event .
No approval , no event .
Calls to cancel event in 2021 .
The event caused Turing great sorrow .
This is not an annual event .
In this event , 66 countries participated .
The event was last held in 2017 .
This event marks the founding of Austria .
This event was first held in 1958 .
This event was first held in 1974 .
This event was first held in 1984 .
This event was first held in 1984 .
This event was first held in 1984 .
This event was first held in 1997 .
This event was first held in 1997 .
At the 1955 conference in St .
Following the conference , the U.S .
In 1957 a second summit conference was held .
Most of the SIGs also have an annual conference .
Scott disclosed the memorial in a post-flight news conference .
An independence conference was held in London in February 1966 .
In 1939 an international geological conference was held in Frankfurt .
In 2005 it hosted the Community of Democracies ministerial conference .
The fourth UN LDC Conference was the most recent conference .
Izvolsky vehemently denounced the treachery demanded an international conference on Bosnia .
Nevertheless , the conference failed to reach agreement with the Turks .
The conference in September 1979 marked the zenith of Cuban prestige .
They participate in the Atlantic University Sports conference of U Sports .
This annual event grew out of a 1988 Seven Sisters conference .
BCSWomen sponsors the Lovelace Colloquium , an annual conference for women undergraduates .
Amazon region .
Andean region .
Axonal region .
Caribbean region .
Craniodental region .
Fc region .
Orinoquía region .
Postcranial region .
Rilo-Rhodope region .
Saharan region .
Sahelian region .
Service region .
Sudanian region .
Transitional region .
South Central region .
British northern strategy fails .
Rise of northern dialects .
Low Countries and northern Germany .
Southern Iberia and the northern wing .
) , both operating in northern Dalmatia .
Alder roots are parasitized by northern groundcone .
Civil war and northern Afghanistan autonomous state .
Dean caused extensive damage in northern Belize .
The northern harbour covers an area of .
Tundra typically prevails in the northern regions .
An equatorial climate characterizes much of northern Brazil .
In the northern and western walls of St .
Mexico surrendered its northern territory to the U.S .
The northern border with Romania is 609 km .
The northern part is the EAC refugee settlement .
Early influential literature .
Waitz was influential among British ethnologists .
Other influential pre-Socratic philosophers include Pythagoras and Heraclitus .
Aeschylus ' works were influential beyond his own time .
Camus 's novels and philosophical essays are still influential .
It was an influential early work of operational research .
She became one of China 's most influential rulers .
This philosophical tradition is influential in Tibetan Buddhist thought .
Aller 's 1971 suicide had an influential impact on Clinton .
Barış Manço was one of the most influential Turkish musicians .
Basketball is especially popular and influential in the Potosí Department .
Different standards became noticeable after the publishing of influential dictionaries .
However , it became influential in both marketing and titling .
It is considered one of the most influential dystopian books .
It was greatly influential , being even taught at academies .
Global social witnessing .
In social theory .
Comparison with social anthropology .
Kinship and social structure .
Other social dance styles .
Political and social activism .
Political and social thought .
Political and social views .
Population and social standing .
Religious and social views .
Cuban social indicators suffered less .
He became a social outcast .
Lavoisier as a social reformer .
Natural right vs social construct .
Online visualisation and social media .
Multiple different bets .
As used in different disciplines .
Different terms in different dialects .
Equivalents in different languages include :
Phospholipid bilayers contain different proteins .
These areas are very different .
These came from different companies .
Certification is different from professional licensure .
Diodorus Siculus offers a different account .
Many regions have starkly different microclimates .
Meanings in different areas of mathematics .
Of the different species of philosophy .
Others have taken a different approach .
Some dialects have different stress rules .
The ashes are of different types .
Cryogenic main stage .
Subsequent main characters .
Development of main indicators .
Development of main indicators .
Style and main themes .
The main andiagonal is .
The main diagonal is .
becomes his main catchphrase .
Dre was the main producer .
It has two main objectives .
Organic and main group chemistry .
The InterCityExpress main line No .
The main character , Dr .
The main issues in Canada–U.S .
Alberta has two main east–west corridors .
Convergent evolution .
Early evolution .
Early evolution .
Plant evolution .
Theistic evolution .
Formation and evolution .
History and evolution .
Reaction to evolution .
Taxonomy and evolution .
Taxonomy and evolution .
Theory of evolution .
Biological function and evolution .
Galactic evolution and distribution .
Generalized names and evolution .
Military evolution , 1919–1939 .
Independent ownership .
Land ownership .
Private ownership .
Change of ownership .
Media cross ownership .
Television station ownership .
Cross ownership of stock .
Final arbitration of ownership .
Racehorse ownership and equestrianism .
Transfers of ownership/foreign ownership .
Estate and subsequent ownership of works .
This did not settle the ownership question .
Under Tramiel 's ownership , Atari Corp .
Heavy cross ownership is referred to as circular ownership .
Inscriptions record disputes over the ownership of the sanctuary .
Sets , membership and equality .
Spinoza argued against gender equality .
They advocated equality for all .
C uses the operator codice_144 to test for equality .
Barry Goldwater was fundamentally a staunch supporter of racial equality .
Kinsella claimed that IPR create artificial scarcity and reduce equality .
In fact this is often given as the definition of equality .
Canada has placed emphasis on equality and inclusiveness for all its people .
He fought passionately for equality and the elimination of all forms of class distinction .
Previously , Black strove for equality , attempting to neutralize White 's first-move advantage .
The same holds for the equality relation : the equality test is not computable .
He defined the war as dedicated to the principles of liberty and equality for all .
Bulgaria scores high in gender equality , ranking 18th in the 2018 Global Gender Gap Report .
The Baháʼí writings emphasize the essential equality of human beings , and the abolition of prejudice .
Bennett argued that Lincoln opposed social equality and proposed that freed slaves voluntarily move to another country .
This obstructs opposing checkers that are behind the prime .
This vulnerability was later exploited by opposing tank forces .
in a text opposing the grievances of the colonists .
Einstein analyzed a dynamic equilibrium being established between opposing forces .
Only Joel Schumacher might have had an opposing view . ''
There are two opposing pairs of elements : cold vs .
The opposing team usually hits a batter in retaliation for this act .
Alexander personally led the charge in the center , routing the opposing army .
The Baltic then separated opposing military blocs : NATO and the Warsaw Pact .
Van Buren decided to write the `` Hamlet letter , '' opposing annexation .
When Edward Nangle died in 1883 there were opposing views on his legacy .
Checkers may not enter on a point occupied by two or more opposing checkers .
Managers and batters study opposing pitcher performance and motions in attempting to improve hitting .
In December 2019 , the ACM signed a letter to President Trump opposing open access .
Even Pope Alexander , while publicly opposing them , nonetheless was persuaded by Pascal 's arguments .
Mozart wanted to achieve both .
It came to achieve cult status .
Few patients achieve complete resolution of symptoms .
The Xerox 9700 could achieve 120 ppm .
The offensive failed to achieve its objectives .
The Muslim conquerors could not achieve a lasting success here .
Commonly , verb-subject constructions are used to achieve a semantic effect .
FIPS 140-2 validation is challenging to achieve both technically and fiscally .
The company aims to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050 .
The critical factors to achieve this objective are : Cost objectives .
This makes dynamic loading of compilation units very simple to achieve .
Throughout the early twentieth century , boxers struggled to achieve legitimacy .
To achieve this mission , significant manpower and funding is required .
Anarcho-pacifists advocate for non-violence means to achieve their stateless , nonviolent ends .
Berliners would achieve seven gold , twelve silver and three bronze medals .
The park received positive reviews .
Otherwise he endorsed voluntary positive eugenics .
The tour received positive critical appreciation .
fear ) or positive ( e.g .
Relations with other countries are generally positive .
The reviews for this screening were positive .
These have both positive and negative aspects .
Studies on pet therapy have shown positive effects .
Contemporary reviews of the work were not universally positive .
Ionic bonding leads to separate positive and negative ions .
The Foundation made many positive accomplishments during its time .
The woman is not portrayed in a positive light .
Canadian public opinion of Barack Obama was significantly more positive .
However , the positive effects of immigration were apparently stronger .
Some critics reject the distinction between positive and negative rights .
He has abdicated his intellectual liberty . ''
Of liberty and necessity ( in two parts ) .
Anarcho-capitalists only accept the collective defense of individual liberty ( i.e .
He was viewed by abolitionists as a champion of human liberty .
Here he developed his passion for liberty , reason , and free speech .
96–98 ) successfully `` mingled two formerly alien ideas , principate and liberty '' .
They saw individual liberty as something achievable only under favourable social and economic circumstances .
He defined the war as dedicated to the principles of liberty and equality for all .
The American Revolution and the cause of liberty added tremendous impetus to the abolitionist cause .
To that , the Catalan artist adds creative liberty and an imaginative , ornamental creation .
But no one can disagree with the guiding principle—with liberty and justice for all . ' ''
In the late 18th century , the blue uniform became a symbol of liberty and revolution .
In the anarchist vision , the conflict between liberty and equality was resolved through coexistence and intertwining .
It has been the tradition of the Liberal party consistently to maintain the doctrine of individual liberty .
was later killed in an accidental explosion on a steamer ship while on liberty , in 1863 .
Accuracy potential .
Other potential Germanic analogues .
The standard potential Am3+/Am0 is .
Insight into potential of computing devices .
Boron nitride has potential use in nanotechnology .
Color codes do present some potential problems .
Diagnosis involves ruling out other potential causes .
Every conservative force has a potential energy .
He did not suggest a potential function .
This approach proved attractive to potential clients .
Views on Pakistan and potential al-Qaeda attacks .
Cambodia has significant potential for developing renewable energy .
The program is open to all potential students .
During 2012 NGOs expressed concern about potential online restrictions .
However the overall economic relationship remains well below potential .
Parks and green spaces .
Crown Green Bowling utilises the entire green .
Inflation below 3 % is in green .
Inflation below 5 % is in green .
Inflation below 5 % is in green .
Inflation below 5 % is in green .
Inflation below 5 % is in green .
Inflation below 5 % is in green .
Inflation under 2 % is in green .
Inflation under 2 % is in green .
When excited , this gas glows green .
It is green in color in dilute solutions .
The hills of Athens also provide green space .
Aqueous solutions of ions are green in most acids .
Barbados is also the host to the green monkey .
Political and moral motives .
Argument from objective moral truths .
In economics and moral philosophy .
Her villains support duty and collectivist moral ideals .
This principle should not be confused with moral relativism .
Abolitionist sentiment was not strictly religious or moral in origin .
Aeschylus ' work has a strong moral and religious emphasis .
Applied ethics refers to the practical application of moral considerations .
In the UK , however , moral rights are finite .
Many countries do not allow the transfer of moral rights .
Suffering is the moral outcome of our attachment to pleasure .
Survival was a moral as well as a physical struggle .
Albert relates the inherent metaphysical contentedness between friendship and moral goodness .
I mean , it 's at least a moral belief . ''
Presumably in response to proto-philosophical moral critiques of Homer ( e.g .
The Philippine military pledged to eliminate Abu Sayyaf .
His actions allegedly gave Agrippina a motive to eliminate Claudius .
Instead , zooids absorb oxygen and eliminate carbon dioxide through diffusion .
Then the whole process would be repeated to eliminate another variable .
sufficient to eliminate one present in other parts of the system .
The British government set about trying to eliminate the transatlantic slave trade .
There are plans to eliminate traffic jams at the Aachen road interchange .
As military governor , Johnson sought to eliminate rebel influence in the state .
The four string plectrum and tenor banjos did not eliminate the five-string variety .
The panicking emperor decided on whether to eliminate his mother or his step-brother .
This would also eliminate the only right-handed batter in the list , Barnes .
To eliminate the foreign exchange shortage , the government needs adequate international reserves .
Anhydrous ammonia is currently used commercially to reduce or eliminate microbial contamination of beef .
Several organizations concerned with antimicrobial resistance are lobbying to eliminate the unnecessary use of antibiotics .
Septic tanks have to be pumped periodically by a vacuum truck to eliminate non reducing solids .
Falsifications on bankruptcy forms often constitute perjury .
Indigenous Amerindians constitute 4.31 % of the population .
Palenquero people constitute 0.02 % of the population .
Raizal people constitute 0.06 % of the population .
African-American Muslims constitute 20 % of the total U.S .
They consider baptism to constitute ordination as a minister .
They constitute about 95 % of the animal species .
Together these constitute 90 % of mined boron-containing ore .
In Iraq , Christians constitute 0.1 % of the population .
Proline or hydroxyproline constitute about 1/6 of the total sequence .
Their tales constitute the first `` chansons de geste '' .
state of Florida , and constitute a significant voting bloc .
African Americans constitute the second largest racial group in the U.S .
Along with unit operations , unit processes constitute a process operation .
For instance , the leftmost two columns constitute the 's-block ' .
Examples in specific languages .
It has no specific meaning .
Reactions specific for terminal alkynes .
Prevalence of use of specific therapies .
Some methods have specific side effects .
Work on specific countries ' signals .
Questions requesting specific information use question words .
Some specific reactions have their niche applications .
The actual key depends on specific hardware .
There is no specific treatment for CJD .
include sections or editions specific to Andalusia .
Cultural relativism involves specific epistemological and methodological claims .
Each zone is responsible for producing specific hormones .
Its specific gravity varies from 1.05 to 1.10 .
That term now has a more specific meaning .
Example : abstract stack ( imperative ) .
They are mostly interrogative or slightly imperative in nature .
Besides , an imperative of the intensive stem can be formed .
C is an imperative , procedural language in the ALGOL tradition .
Unlike the imperative operations , these functions have no side effects .
Ahimsa is imperative for practitioners of Patañjali 's eight limb Raja yoga system .
As an imperative language , C uses `` statements '' to specify actions .
However , application developers prefer the object-oriented features of `` imperative languages '' .
Thus an understanding of how these two levels relate to each other is imperative .
Modular programming is a technique to refine `` imperative language '' programs to mitigate software aging .
Implementation techniques include imperative languages ( object-oriented or procedural ) , functional languages , and logic languages .
Morality might be better understood as an evolutionary imperative in order to propagate genes and ultimately reproduce .
Since Alexander was an only child , it was imperative to secure the succession by producing an heir .
So far , the discussion on the formalization of an algorithm has assumed the premises of imperative programming .
BCPL ( `` Basic Combined Programming Language '' ) is a procedural , imperative , and structured programming language .
Service obligation and manpower .
Reserve obligation lasts up to the age of 50 .
Since 1957 ITV had produced schools programming , which became an obligation .
In theory , every Englishman had an obligation to serve for forty days .
However , until such service has been arranged , they are freed from service obligation .
The obligation that does exist is this : they render obedience and pay their taxes .
This threefold obligation has traditionally been called `` trinoda necessitas '' or `` trimoda necessitas '' .
As such , they do not adhere to scheduling , and have no obligation to provide service .
He held that corporations have the obligation to make a profit within the framework of the legal system , nothing more .
Radio 1 has a public service broadcasting obligation to provide news , which it fulfills through Newsbeat bulletins throughout the day .
However , the Arabs ' higher status among non-Arab Muslim converts and the latter 's obligation to pay heavy taxes caused resentment .
In the Cayman Islands , the Governor 's only obligation to the British Crown is that of keeping the Executive Council informed .
Men were honor bound by civic obligation to be prepared and willing to fight for the rights and liberties of their countrymen .
Alternative arguments from moral order have proposed that we have an obligation to attain the perfect good of both happiness and moral virtue .
Terms of rent for land were becoming subject to economic market forces rather than to the previous stagnant system of custom and feudal obligation .
Deoxyribose is a component of DNA .
Ribose is a component of RNA .
It is a major component of soil .
It is the non-living component of cell .
Thus each component is a one-point set .
Beryllium is a component of several dental alloys .
Solid carbon monoxide is a component of comets .
The related deoxyribose is a component of DNA .
Gospel music remained a popular component of country music .
It is first hydrolyzed into its component amino acids .
Precambrian rock is the major component of the bedrock .
The alcohol 2M2B is a component of hops brewing .
The study of is an important component of aikido .
This later became a component of the Frankish Empire .
Consumption expenditure by households is the largest component of GDP .
Such compounds obey the octet rule .
Henry threatened to hang whoever did not obey his orders .
Office holders should either obey the popular will or resign .
Engineers must obey contract law in their contractual relationships with other parties .
He claimed that `` woman is by nature meant to obey '' .
Pauli realized that the free electrons in metal must obey the Fermi–Dirac statistics .
Fleet ships were expected to obey movement orders precisely and not deviate from them .
The Bernoulli numbers obey the sum formulas where formula_18 and denotes the Kronecker delta .
This is in contrast to the bosons , which do not obey the exclusion principle .
The Bessel functions obey a multiplication theorem formula_99 where and may be taken as arbitrary complex numbers .
Ochino received a citation to Rome , and set out to obey it about the middle of August .
Other 4-coordinate complexes such as the aqua-ion [ Be ( H2O ) 4 ] 2+ also obey the octet rule .
All real processes obey conservation of mass , and in addition , conservation of the numbers of atoms of each kind .
Eisenhower further told Montgomery to either obey orders to immediately clear the mouth of the Scheldt or he would be sacked .
`` We pledge to obey him on anything which our hearts desire or not and to value him more than anyone else .
Analysis of existence .
Proof of existence .
Argument for God 's existence .
Its existence is sometimes challenged .
Dispute with Chandrasekhar on existence of black holes .
It is like a hierarchical order of existence .
It is today the oldest in continuous existence .
Its protohistory supports a continued existence in Iron-Age antiquity .
Some of these constructions are still in existence today .
The RBDF came into existence on 31 March 1980 .
While not formally confirmed , its existence is undisputed .
Kabbalah defines God as the force of giving in existence .
Steric hindrance forbids the existence of rubidium or caesium nitride .
The existence of Ahab is historically supported outside the Bible .
This does not prevent the existence of diphthongs with present .
They tolerate the use of Roundup .
It will not tolerate extended freezing temperatures .
Dogs are better able to tolerate aspirin than cats are .
Some microbes are unable to tolerate changes to low pH and are killed .
This would be in the case of people that are able to tolerate penicillin .
However , Apollo did not tolerate this and stopped Heracles ; a duel ensued between them .
Each individual reacts differently to treatment intensity and is able to tolerate treatment at different times post-stroke .
However , the cost of such chips was far outside the range that their market would tolerate .
Most commonly cultivated coffee species grow best at high elevations , but do not tolerate freezing temperatures .
Human visitors to the alien sectors are shown using breathing equipment and other measures to tolerate the conditions .
There is a tendency for males to tolerate the holders of neighbouring territories while vigorously attacking unknown intruders .
The Republican national electoral platform of 1860 warned that Republicans regarded disunion as treason and would not tolerate it .
Beavers can also recognize their kin by their anal gland secretions and are more likely to tolerate them as neighbors .
Feedback on both the activator of a system and inhibitor make the system able to tolerate a wide range of concentrations .
Herbicide-resistant seed has a gene implanted into its genome that allows the plants to tolerate exposure to herbicides , including glyphosate .
Service along the route is now minimal .
The agriculture and manufacturing sectors are fairly minimal .
There is minimal ceremony attached to its administration .
It is managed with only minimal or no intervention .
The United States government has provided minimal information regarding Area 51 .
The classic solution with minimal life-style changes is using a well .
The extended Euclidean algorithm always produces one of these two minimal pairs .
Arrangements for small jazz combos are usually informal , minimal , and uncredited .
These exercises usually occurred at night with only very minimal lighting being allowed .
This allows the crane to smooth action while in motion with minimal effort .
Human population is sparse and industrial development is minimal , but mining is prevalent .
Iron has been found from the Zhou dynasty , but its use was minimal .
Many of his enterprises were appropriated from Jewish owners under duress with minimal compensation .
The Löwenheim–Skolem theorem can be used to show that this minimal model is countable .
Adherents to this position consider the influence of Anabaptists upon early Baptists to be minimal .
Bannock may mean :
may refer to :
may refer to :
ACN may refer to :
AM may refer to :
ASP may refer to :
ATP may refer to :
Aba may refer to :
Abduction may refer to :
Abingdon may refer to :
Abitibi may refer to :
Absorption may refer to :
Ada may refer to :
Adder may refer to :
Affinity may refer to :
Aesthetic ethics .
Applied ethics .
Teleological ethics .
Virtue ethics .
Aesthetics and ethics .
Social morality and ethics .
Influential factors on business ethics .
Sociology , morals and ethics .
Aesthetic judgment , universals and ethics .
These take the form of applied ethics .
This question is particularly relevant for ethics .
It remains a common tool for applied ethics .
The effectiveness of ethics officers is not clear .
This method occurs in applied ethics and jurisprudence .
Business Ethicists differ in their orientation towards labor ethics .
He paid special attention to transportation .
Selig turned his attention to other franchises .
Her subsequent books got progressively less review attention .
Unsolicited ads have been criticized as attention theft .
Alfred devoted considerable attention and thought to judicial matters .
Recovery efforts drew the attention of the federal government .
The resulting noise got the sending operator 's attention .
The situation also drew the attention of several U.S .
The traits described below have received the most attention .
This proposal has not attracted further attention , however .
Cuba 's extensive program of medical support to international attention .
He gave special attention to the liturgy of the synagogue .
Monteverdi 's musical direction received the attention of foreign visitors .
Salieri has even begun to attract some attention from Hollywood .
The student briefly became a focus of intense national attention .
Identity stemmed from membership in a group more than individuality .
Especially when promoted by enthusiastic and knowledgeable programmers , choice of venue can be an important part of expressing individuality .
Haydn accordingly wanted more dramatic contrast and more emotionally appealing melodies , with sharpened character and individuality in his pieces .
At the sixth plane , the soul is finally aligned with the cosmic consciousness and has no sense of separateness or individuality .
During the Ming-Qing era , prominent Confucians such as Wang Yangming promoted individuality and independent thinking as a counterweight to subservience to authority .
This term is rejected by many Copenhagenists because the process of observation is mechanical and does not depend on the individuality of the observer .
In their view , the poverty , squalor , and ignorance in which many people lived made it impossible for freedom and individuality to flourish .
Nonetheless , it has maintained a reputation for fostering individuality and excellence that reliably attracts talented workers , particularly after Jobs returned to the company .
This led to Romantic rejections of this in favor of pictures of the emotional side and individuality of humans , exemplified in the novels of Goethe .
Anarchism 's emphasis on anti-capitalism , egalitarianism , and for the extension of community and individuality sets it apart from anarcho-capitalism and other types of economic libertarianism .
Animators , like all artists , necessarily have individual styles , but must subordinate their individuality in a consistent way to whatever style is employed on a particular film .
If communities are developed based on something they share in common , whether location or values , then one challenge for developing communities is how to incorporate individuality and differences .
In the 1950s , black came to be a symbol of individuality and intellectual and social rebellion , the color of those who did n't accept established norms and values .
According to Schopenhauer , salvation from our miserable existence can come through the will 's being `` tranquillized '' by the metaphysical insight that reveals individuality to be merely an illusion .
Pascal creates a village for machines to live peacefully with the androids they 're at war with and acts as a parental figure for other machines trying to adapt to their newly-found individuality .
Foreign economic relations .
Main economic indicators .
Other economic indicators .
Post-communist economic reforms .
Recent economic history .
Influences and economic beliefs .
Social and economic causes .
Social and economic influences .
Views on economic impact .
exclusive economic zone waters .
There was an economic downturn .
for economic and cultural reasons .
Brief economic history until the 1990s .
This is a more economic technique .
economic and military destabilization of Cambodia .
Copyright extension releases .
Applet as an extension of other software .
The field has no proper algebraic extension .
The field has no proper finite extension .
Construction of the extension beyond Lechmere has begun .
Such an extension is called an algebraically closed extension .
The Brazilian railway network has an extension of about .
This is a language extension devised by Panu Kalliokoski .
Ada 95 adds further features for object-oriented extension of types .
A tolled extension of State Highway Loop 1 was also created .
Daniel Dennett provides this extension to the `` epiphenomena '' argument .
Skeletal muscle contracts rapidly but has a limited range of extension .
That was the point where the Canada Central Railway extension ended .
The Brazilian railway network has an extension of about 30,000 kilometers .
The extension , the East Wing , was completed by 1831 .
2009 community survey .
In the community .
Sense of community .
Types of community .
Family and community origins .
Italian-American community and symbols .
Libraries and community centres .
Expulsion from the Jewish community .
Response of the academic community .
The Chinese community in D.C .
The Jewish community was then implicated .
The artistic community knew his name .
There is a relatively large expatriate community .
There is also a small Protestant community .
There were 33,000 community leaders in 1996 .
The extent of emphasis spreading varies .
Aeschylus ' work has a strong moral and religious emphasis .
Knight 's coaching also included a firm emphasis on academics .
A lot of emphasis developed on using acupuncture on the ear .
Increasingly , this type of fingerprint work is shifting its emphasis .
People of this religion put a lot of emphasis on dreams .
Bolivia 's tourist industry has placed an emphasis on attracting ethnic diversity .
Canada has placed emphasis on equality and inclusiveness for all its people .
Louis-style barbecue favors a heavy emphasis on a sticky sweet barbecue sauce .
Recent technologies have placed more of an emphasis on speech-based interactive systems .
universities have placed increased emphasis on their residential colleges in recent years .
( emphasis added ) The term is not elsewhere defined in the rulebook .
( emphasis added ) The term is not elsewhere defined in the rulebook .
The emphasis on behavioral factors constituted the `` first wave '' of CBT .
Alhazen 's work on optics is credited with contributing a new emphasis on experiment .
Area politics .
Cantonal politics .
Communist politics .
Early politics .
Federal politics .
Federal politics .
Federal politics .
Local politics .
Local politics .
Sexual politics .
State politics .
in politics .
Economy and politics .
Economy and politics .
Governance and politics .
Usage may reflect political or cultural allegiances .
The increase may reflect some newly built roads .
Business ethics reflect the norms of each historical period .
Lexical items that reflect separate social and cultural development .
reflect the identity and apex of their respective nations .
Modern systematics aims to reflect and discover phylogenetic relationships between plants .
The nation 's culinary specialties reflect its ethnic and geographic diversity .
Their facial expressions and hand movements reflect what they are communicating .
He expanded the temple of Jupiter Feretrius to reflect these territorial successes .
It does reflect a two-tier priesthood with the Levites in subordinate position .
`` Fear had made them reflect , and made them docile . ''
`` The seat gains reflect changes on the 1997 general election result .
Hanson lists twelve creeds that reflect the Homoian faith : Struggles with orthodoxy .
He wanted to create a new architectural style to reflect this new era .
I need the songs to reflect me in one way or another '' .
Carboxyl radical .
Grothendieck 's political views were radical and pacifistic .
The carboxyl radical , •COOH , only exists briefly .
They preached an apocalyptic , radical alternative to Lutheranism .
Anarchist principles undergird contemporary radical social movements of the left .
Ascorbate can terminate these chain radical reactions by electron transfer .
Combustion is often a complicated sequence of elementary radical reactions .
In radical-nucleophilic aromatic substitution the active reagent is a radical .
Richard thus became one of the-first radical MPs from Wales .
The cyanide radical ·CN has been identified in interstellar space .
Whilst in London , Franklin became involved in radical politics .
as `` the most radical pop single '' of 1998 .
The poem expressed his desire for radical change without overt sedition .
Weishaupt 's radical rationalism and vocabulary were not likely to succeed .
Scholars additionally associate anarcho-capitalism with neo-classical liberalism , radical neoliberalism and right-libertarianism .
Benelux legal instruments .
Early legal activity .
Other legal actions .
Other legal sources .
Political and legal .
legal advice ) .
Activities and legal issues .
Canadian federal legal system .
Canadian provincial legal systems .
Controversies and legal disputes .
Influences on legal system .
Name and legal entities .
Politics and legal issues .
State and legal structure .
Home media and legal status .
Criticism of communism .
Relationship to communism .
fight against communism .
The Soviet invasion and PDPA communism .
Mormonism and the national debate over socialism and communism .
Camus attacked totalitarian communism while advocating libertarian socialism and anarcho-syndicalism .
The new government aligned with the Soviet Union and embraced communism .
Religious freedom has returned , however , since the end of communism .
Bunkerisation is arguably the most visible and memorable legacy of communism in Albania .
Under communism , state ownership of businesses was estimated to be 97 % .
Following the collapse of the Soviet Union , interest in his alternative road to communism resurfaced .
This broke the bracket of the Eastern Bloc and Central Europe subsequently became free from communism .
The genocide and then communism were responsible for the loss of many high-quality skills that the Armenians possessed .
After the fall of communism in 1991 , human resources in sciences and technology in Albania have drastically decreased .
DeMille 's primary criticism was of closed shops , but later included criticism of communism and unions in general .
Agricultural economics .
In economics .
Mining and economics .
In economics and moral philosophy .
As a symbol of free-market economics .
Religion , ethnicity , and economics factored into this discontent .
O'Rourke describes Smith as the `` founder of free market economics '' .
Yunus received his PhD in economics from Vanderbilt University , United States .
in philosophy , politics , and economics but transferred to a B.Litt .
Chaos could be found in economics by the means of recurrence quantification analysis .
The discipline borders behavioral economics , sociology , economics , accounting and management .
He later transferred to Leningrad State University , eventually graduating from there in economics .
commodity markets in relation to cotton futures , he taught economics and applied sciences .
Although the productivity is higher than with extensive techniques , the economics are quite different .
In 2017 , computer science overtook economics as the school 's most popular undergraduate concentration .
Nils accepted this offer .
The offer was declined .
Roberto turned down the offer .
Some companies offer online booking .
Nineteen institutions offer NIGMS supported BTPs .
These companies all offer specialised services .
carrier to offer a four-cabin aircraft .
Accounts of early Arabs offer contradictory narratives .
Asylum offer to four former Guantánamo detainees .
However , nothing came of the offer .
Some offer suitable protection for small yachts .
They primarily offer inexpensive noodle soups only .
Both lagoons have mangroves and offer boat tours .
Both offer electric power and natural gas supply .
Inland areas offer mountain resorts , agrotourism and spas .
Governing body .
Human body .
Coat and body .
Human body parts .
Detection in body fluids .
Mifune 's body . ''
Model of the body .
Modified body mass index .
Surface-based body shape index .
body and simulation vs .
It makes its decisions as a body .
The body is a list of forms .
The child 's body was never found .
The parliament is a unicameral legislative body .
a body distinct from the elements ) .
Twists involving single franchises .
Neither single made an impression .
Their single `` S.O.S . ''
He also produced a single lithograph .
Schwann cells myelinate a single axon .
The follow-up single , `` Why ?
1 pop single `` Baby Baby '' .
Azerbaijani government supports financially single window system .
Ordinarily the C-C single bond distance is .
There is a single median compound eye .
This single has become a sought-after collectable .
A single bond is usually a σ bond .
Clodius cast the single vote against the decree .
For a single pair of planes ( e.g .
The game initially had a single production run .
Metaphysical doctrine .
Sources of doctrine .
Strategy and doctrine .
Sacramental doctrine and practice .
Adam-God doctrine and blood atonement .
Challenges to fundamental church doctrine .
Arianism is a nontrinitarian Christological doctrine .
Idea–expression dichotomy and the merger doctrine .
As a military and foreign policy doctrine .
The first-sale doctrine and exhaustion of rights .
They adopted the Anabaptist doctrine of credobaptism .
Battleship doctrine emphasized the concentration of the battlegroup .
It is based on believers ' Church doctrine .
The Kansas–Nebraska Act of 1854 legislated this doctrine .
This view is known as the Friedman doctrine .
National unity .
Final attempt at party unity ( 1910 ) .
Israel also formed a national unity government from 1984–1988 .
Newfoundland and Labrador is also a problem regarding national unity .
The new unity government that resulted was formed in January 2009 .
Title , unity of Luke – Acts , authorship and date .
A ceasefire agreement in January 2013 called for a multipartisan unity government .
According to this agreement , a new unity government would be formed .
Because of its origin , capoeira never had unity or a general agreement .
He saw the human being as a perfect unity of soul and body .
He spoke of human nature as a mystical unity of God and world .
Why should its cooking not illustrate the American transformation of diversity into unity ?
Elements of cultural unity for Northwestern , Southwestern and Central Europe were Catholicism and Latin .
Graeco-Aryan unity would have become divided into Proto-Greek and Proto-Indo-Iranian by the mid-3rd millennium BC .
However , the unity of the ODECA was limited by conflicts between several member states .
Solitary and communal bees .
Social conversations tend to be limited to communal recreation times .
Most denominations have ordained clergy who lead regular communal worship services .
The majority of lands in American Samoa and independent Samoa are communal .
This type of group is called `` communal '' and is not uncommon .
In later periods , large communal ovens appear to have been built on these rooftops .
This period of communal violence ( 1920-22 ) was commonly referred to as the Belfast Pogrom .
Ajaccio is an administrative centre comprising communal , intercommunal , departmental , regional , and prefectural services .
It has three single washrooms and one larger communal one , as well as its own kitchen .
Most of the music was Christian , but the purpose of communal singing was not primarily spiritual .
Sometimes , the members of the Order would receive wages for their work on the communal property .
Two-thirds of residents lack Andorran nationality and do not have the right to vote in communal elections .
Viceroy Wavell said he needed a further seven army divisions to prevent communal violence if independence negotiations failed .
Another type of practice has been to bury remains in areas next to the communal houses of the settlement .
Many Anglicans look to the Chicago-Lambeth Quadrilateral of 1888 as the `` sine qua non '' of communal identity .
Jeffersonian democracy .
He appreciated the advantages of democracy .
Transition to democracy ( 1990–2022 ) .
Bosnia and Herzegovina is a liberal democracy .
Botswana is formally a multiparty constitutional democracy .
Botswana is its continent 's oldest democracy .
The territory operates as a parliamentary democracy .
A popular uprising restored parliamentary democracy in 1991 .
In 1989 , the Velvet Revolution restored democracy .
Cambodia 's emerging democracy has received strong international support .
Bulgaria then transitioned into a democracy and a market-based economy .
The Czech Republic is a pluralist multi-party parliamentary representative democracy .
Their Mayflower Compact became a foundational part of American democracy .
Brazil is a democracy , according to the Democracy Index 2010 .
Compatibility with liberalism and democracy , and critique of political meritocracy .
Aviation network .
Computer network .
Cycling network .
Cycling network .
Highway network .
Road network .
Road network .
Road network .
Road network .
Urban network .
Mobile network coverage .
National road network .
Its rail network also serves Minneapolis–St .
Rohrpost ( pneumatic postal network ) .
The largest such network was FidoNet .
local AMT time .
958 local test exchanges .
County and local governments .
Municipalities and local entities .
His celebrity did not remain local .
The local Catholic priest , Dr .
There are two local taxi companies .
Within each diocese are local parishes .
A local hospital is named after him .
Mayo County Council is the local authority .
The local colleges feature many sports teams .
The neighborhoods have no local government bodies .
Advertising may be local , national or global .
At the local level , elections are nonpartisan .
In 1462 , Bordeaux created a local parliament .
America as a distinct land .
Concrete is distinct from mortar .
Craniates all have distinct skulls .
Development as a distinct breed .
As before , distinct jurisdictions were awarded .
Berkeley has a number of distinct neighborhoods .
Selenium has at least eight distinct allotropes .
a body distinct from the elements ) .
As academic discipline with distinct fields of study .
It was a distinct break from traditional décor .
Moors were not a distinct or self-defined people .
SCBT differs from CBT in two distinct ways .
Terracotta architecture is a distinct feature of Bengal .
There are two distinct wine-producing regions in Croatia .
These two isomers of butene have distinct properties .
Foreign aid .
Foreign aid .
Foreign aid .
Humanitarian aid .
foreign aid .
Recent military aid .
Admissions and financial aid .
Economic aid and development .
External aid and arsenal .
Tuition and financial aid .
Foreign aid and UN Involvement .
Undergraduate admissions and financial aid .
military and anti-narcotics aid programs .
Foreign trade , direct investments and aid .
With state aid , Tesla , Inc .
It was a mutual separation . ''
Ada also offers `` protected objects '' for mutual exclusion .
AMEX was previously a mutual organization , owned by its members .
The causes of mutual dissatisfaction between the two had been accumulating .
There were also marriages based on mutual consent of both sexes .
Consequently , mutual intelligibility was greatly hindered by this state of affairs .
It also takes notice of the mutual changes between the four elements .
Members ' mutual rights were exchanged for shares in this new company .
Smith defined `` mutual sympathy '' as the basis of moral sentiments .
His attempt to explain Lawsonomy to the senators ended in mutual frustration and bafflement .
In mutual displays , a pair may follow each other at in level flight .
Throughout the Bible , the Ammonites and the Israelites are portrayed as mutual antagonists .
A building society is a financial institution owned by its members as a mutual organization .
If there is unclarity in mutual relationships , there are a lot of possible trees .
Lovelace first met Charles Babbage in June 1833 , through their mutual friend Mary Somerville .
Pointwise and uniform limits .
In uniform honeycombs and polychora .
There is no uniform classification .
Chest numbers returned with this uniform .
Criminal law is uniform throughout Canada .
The 1971–1975 uniform included red socks .
The current throwback uniform was also retained .
A stronger form of continuity is uniform continuity .
Black pants are only used with this uniform .
It served as the uniform of the Almoravids .
The teeth are conical and mostly uniform in size .
The uniform numbers were relocated to the right chest .
There were two versions of the alternate black uniform .
They then switched their regular uniform style once more .
This period saw the Diamondbacks wear various uniform combinations .
Techniques by separation mechanism .
Expanded bed adsorption chromatographic separation .
Mechanism of migration and separation .
It was a mutual separation . ''
Vertical separation of powers is decentralisation .
Chiral chromatography involves the separation of stereoisomers .
The reason for the separation is unknown .
Enjoying self-rule , they practiced separation of powers .
Physical stresses may also cause the separation of surfaces .
These limiting values are also known as separation values .
A common separation by content are fiction and non-fiction books .
In February 2022 , Ulvaeus and Källersjö announced their separation .
The concentration of gel affects the resolution of DNA separation .
The keys act as separation values which divide its subtrees .
The separation of forces and moments may be quite clear .
Badminton and tennis techniques differ substantially .
Psychiatric disorders differ depending on gender .
The requirement for such dress codes differ .
The powers of the monarch differ between countries .
Beliefs on how to abolish the state also differ .
Business Ethicists differ in their orientation towards labor ethics .
Catalysts enable pathways that differ from the uncatalyzed reactions .
However , severity may differ widely across the globe .
Preference for some synonymous words also differ between states .
Speeds and elapsed time differ from class to class .
The forms also differ in their object of imitation .
The forms also differ in their object of imitation .
These vernaculars both differ from their standard registers significantly .
In the twenty-first century , attitudes towards the Bible differ .
These two mechanisms differ in the stereochemistry of the products .
Otherwise he endorsed voluntary positive eugenics .
Please do not take my voluntary renunciation amiss . ''
The Cancer Association of Botswana is a voluntary non-governmental organisation .
Medical specialty certification in the United States is a voluntary process .
This contrast is brought out in issues such as voluntary euthanasia .
According to this counsels persons may be called to voluntary celibacy '' .
The book preached the importance of forming voluntary associations to benefit society .
When a debtor files a voluntary petition , their bankruptcy case commences .
AA groups are self-supporting , relying on voluntary donations from members to cover expenses .
It was originally taught as an extra-curricular , non-evaluable voluntary subject in four schools .
They are usually informal and often feature discussions with voluntary donations collected during meetings .
Since 1985 , women have been able to enlist for voluntary service as regular recruits .
The icons and frescoes were created thanks to voluntary contributions of local businessmen and citizens .
This direct corticospinal projection allows for precise voluntary control of the fine details of movements .
In 2013 , auctions were planned , and for now any action by broadcasters is voluntary .
Kalash people .
Notable people .
Notable people .
Notable people .
Notable people .
Notable people .
Notable people .
Notable people .
Notable people .
Notable people .
Notable people .
Notable people .
Notable people .
Notable people .
Notable people .
Legal reform .
Control and reform .
Municipal reform of 2007 .
Patronage and Civil Service reform .
The Euro and the 2006 reform .
An economic reform effort was launched in 1998 .
Arkansas has been making strides in education reform .
He also lost enthusiasm for any more military reform .
Almost immediately Nagy set out on a path of reform .
Banking reform lagged , as did the implementation of privatization .
He supported the reform decrees of the Council of Trent .
Progress on economic reform has generally lagged behind macroeconomic stabilization .
The currency reform of 1953 caused dissatisfaction among Czechoslovak laborers .
A nationwide reform of local government in 1989 completed the process .
A referendum on electoral reform was held on 4 October 1997 .
Subsequent creation credit .
Alberta 's credit rating .
Many biographers credit St .
It was Laurents ' first professional credit .
Only Skaaren received screenplay credit with Hamm .
This is expansionary because it creates credit .
With his credit exhausted , Barry accepts .
Cheaper credit card interest rates increase consumer spending .
Silent films Sound films Directing or producing credit .
Kane himself also commented on Finger 's lack of credit .
The guild credit form listed Welles first , Mankiewicz second .
This short film bears the credit `` Inspired by J.G .
AAdvantage co-branded credit cards are also available and offer other benefits .
Standard & Poor 's gives Chile a credit rating of AA- .
This tradition does not credit Ashoka directly with sending these missions .
Unconventional monetary policy .
Economic and monetary reforms .
Times of monetary crisis .
Its monetary policy program was stability for development .
These included : Reform of the monetary system .
Central banks implement a country 's chosen monetary policy .
It also created a customs union and monetary union .
A centime is one-hundredth of the following basic monetary units :
Professionals earn the right to compete in competitions that include monetary prizes .
Thus , Keynesian monetary policy aims for a steady rate of inflation .
dollar as a result of perceived weaknesses of the international monetary system .
Chile 's monetary authority is the Central Bank of Chile ( CBoC ) .
Bouchat ultimately was not awarded monetary compensation in the damages phase of the case .
In 2013 , Czech National Bank , central bank , implemented controversial monetary step .
The Bank 's Monetary Policy Committee has a devolved responsibility for managing monetary policy .
Amiga contract .
Selznick contract .
Commercial and other forms of contract arbitration .
His contract with Decca runs until 1955 .
His contract with Paramount runs until 1954 .
The marriage contract was signed in September .
Another key ATM concept involves the traffic contract .
Besides , the President gets a four-year contract .
The Pass line bet is a contract bet .
He signed a contract with RKO Pictures in 1939 .
Holly concurrently held a recording contract with both labels .
Neither contract was awarded in free , open competition .
That is often sufficient to set the final contract .
The Braves purchased the major league contract of Francoeur .
The contract costed Russia $ 7 million per year .
Early currency .
Local currency .
Exchange rate of national currency .
Its currency is the CFA franc .
Its currency was the NDH kuna .
Chad 's currency is the CFA franc .
the introduction of the dual currency system .
Bishkek uses the Kyrgyzstan currency , the som .
The Belize currency is pegged to the U.S .
The country 's currency is the Botswana pula .
The currency of Belarus is the Belarusian ruble .
They also shared a common currency until 1972 .
Algeria 's currency is the dinar ( DZD ) .
Cambodia had neither a currency nor a banking system .
In 1994 Croatia introduced the kuna as its currency .
bank accounts .
The central bank took over foreign debts .
Later games circumvented this limitation with bank switching .
There are no significant barriers to bank entry .
Central bank : Major commercial banks : Central Budget .
The Bank of Botswana serves as a central bank .
The new central bank first issued banknotes during 1926 .
Functions of a central bank usually include : Monetary policy .
They are generally placed in pre-existing grooves in the canal bank .
This frees up cashflow usable for new lending by the bank .
Beavers make two types of lodges : bank lodges and open-water lodges .
In the UK , Christmas Day became a bank holiday in 1834 .
Less than 5 percent of Cameroonians have access to a bank account .
The central bank has set additional capital buffers in the banking sector .
Thus it is often described as the `` bank of banks '' .
Sweden won the championship without conceding a goal .
Judaism defines altruism as the desired goal of creation .
He also noted that conspirators very rarely achieved their goal .
Charlton scored the first goal in the 2–0 win over Mexico .
Generally , independent central banks enjoy both goal and instrument independence .
In 1999 , ADB adopted poverty reduction as its overarching goal .
Subsequent test evacuations achieved the 90-second goal but caused more injuries .
The BIG3 features several rule variants including a four-point field goal .
An additional point , however , was awarded for each goal scored .
Anheuser-Busch has a company-wide goal of reducing emissions 25 percent by 2025 .
As the British did in Malaya , the goal of the U.S .
Maximising the bootstrap current is a major goal of advanced tokamak designs .
Both non-interventive and interventive methodologies may be employed in pursuit of this goal .
Even some NASA employees doubted whether Kennedy 's ambitious goal could be met .
Furthermore , he asserted that `` casuistry is the goal of ethical investigation .
Second and third EVAs .
Second and third EVAs .
The third application is pigments .
The third involves formalizing canon .
Variants of the third law .
Opposition and third term as Chancellor .
The third molar has been lost .
Why not a third ? `` .
2022–present : Book deal and third marriage .
A third AC-130A , AF serial no .
A third form exists at high pressure .
It may involve collusion with third parties .
Randy Johnson picked up his third win .
The third Belgian season introduced a mole .
The third French division contained 3,200 men-at-arms .
Homestead Bill advocate .
These efforts advocate positions such as :
He was an early advocate for education .
The 1958 case , under previous advocate R.L .
Ambrose emerged as a leading advocate of papal primacy .
Augustine was a strong advocate of critical thinking skills .
Another leading advocate of this Christology was Felix of Urgel .
He was first appointed as an ACTU advocate in 1959 .
Senator Dole was a supporter and advocate for the bill .
Franklin was an advocate of free speech from an early age .
Morita was an advocate for all the products made by Sony .
Some authorities advocate replacing bottled gas or natural gas with biogas .
The movement found an ardent and powerful advocate in Peter Abelard .
Alan Jay Lerner was an advocate for writers ' rights in theatre .
Anarcho-pacifists advocate for non-violence means to achieve their stateless , nonviolent ends .
Healing collective trauma .
The Presidency serves as a collective head of state .
Anarcho-capitalists only accept the collective defense of individual liberty ( i.e .
In the past , some women participated in collective magical ceremonies .
The result is a collective trauma that will pass through generations .
By 1930 the family property had been turned into a collective farm .
The Civil War is one of the central events in American collective memory .
Thus , the singulative of the collective `` mice '' is `` mouse '' .
Although they acted alone , the government responded with collective punishment , killing many Bábís .
Many individual or collective practices exist to increase the number of readers of a book .
Thus , the collective behavior of the condensate is a crucial ingredient necessary for superconductivity .
Baháʼu'lláh wrote of the need for world government in this age of humanity 's collective life .
Cultural trauma is a form of collective trauma that is seen on a societal and macro-level .
The collective Presidency directs the Ministry of Defence of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the Armed Forces .
The effects of the Second World War made collective security a priority for Belgian foreign policy .
Artificial production .
Continued production .
Cultural production .
Energy production .
Food production .
Food production .
Industrial production .
International production .
Licensed production .
Manuscript production .
Natural production .
Sign production .
Control and production .
End of production .
Global fish production .
Besides , carts need roads .
I need wider powers . ''
Some defects do not need treatment .
Statements need not end with semicolons .
All animals need significant amounts of sulfur .
And these tendrils need to be burned .
Critics have questioned the need for them .
Generated results need not exist as files .
I did n't need to hear anything .
No subjective decisions need to be involved .
You just need to shoot straight . ''
However , this need not be the case .
Lake-dwelling beavers do not need to build dams .
Psychosocial interventions may reduce the need for antipsychotics .
If suppuration occurs , it may need needle aspiration .
Free trade rejected .
Each proposal was rejected .
Kosygin rejected this reasoning .
The design was rejected .
He soundly rejected the proposal .
The Salon rejected the piece .
She was rejected by his family .
The ACLU directors rejected that proposal .
The pitch was rejected by DC .
`` The Professor '' was rejected .
A superior court judge rejected the lawsuit .
Flemish politicians have strongly rejected these proposals .
However , she rejected his marriage proposal .
It also rejected Taney as Treasury Secretary .
Max Vasmer rejected this etymology as unsubstantiated .
Military dictatorship ( 1964–1985 ) .
Military dictatorship ( 1973–1990 ) .
Cracking of the system and dictatorship .
His one-party government was effectively a military dictatorship .
This ability was lost during the dictatorship of Sulla .
The system established by Free France was essentially a military dictatorship .
20 April 46 BC , Cicero outlined his strategy under Caesar 's dictatorship .
He began to violate the constitution and slowly began to establish a dictatorship .
During the dictatorship of the 1930s , the prime minister was from that party .
During the dictatorship of Francisco Franco , this was the extent of the film industry in Andalusia .
The Francoist dictatorship ( 1939–1975 ) banned the use of Catalan in schools and in public administration .
This event was the starting point of many other issues which took place during Enver Hoxha 's dictatorship .
The European Parliament released a statement in March 2005 in which it denounced the Belarusian government as a dictatorship .
The United States ' Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) financed and trained the Bolivian military dictatorship in the 1960s .
The dictatorship formally ended in 1931 when the king imposed a more unitary constitution and changed the name to Yugoslavia .
Foreign direct investments .
Alternating and direct current .
Anarchists commonly employ direct action .
Display works well for direct response .
Burton was still being courted to direct .
Foreign trade , direct investments and aid .
Since 2013 the presidential election is direct .
They have no direct equivalent in print .
This appeal is known as a direct appeal .
hired Tim Burton to direct `` Batman '' .
A direct sum of finite cyclic groups is periodic .
After direct appeal , the conviction is considered final .
Amway combines direct selling with a multi-level marketing strategy .
An example is the direct arylation of perfluorobenzenes Hydrogenation .
Applesoft does not provide direct support for this mode .
Global consumption .
Gas consumption ( approx .
consumption of natural gas .
Antibiotic consumption varies widely between countries .
shrimp consumption is farmed and imported .
Direct and indirect energy consumption by U.S .
Electricity consumption was 68.90 TWh in 2014 .
100 TWh in 2003–2005 ) is almost double electricity consumption .
Mongolia had the highest consumption with a rate of 64.4 .
The Gravona Canal delivers water for consumption by the city .
The consumption of ambrosia was typically reserved for divine beings .
The doctor diagnosed advanced consumption with little hope of recovery .
petroleum-derived fuel consumption by up to 30 % by 2030 .
Countries with annual consumption higher than 500 million tonnes are shown .
Low interest rates guaranteed availability of funds for investment and consumption .
Non-aggression principle .
Archimedes ' principle .
Applications of the principle .
Argument principle , stability .
Regulative principle of worship .
`` Babbage principle '' .
Adiabatic principle and action-angle variables .
General relativity and the equivalence principle .
This argument is called the equivalence principle .
upon the discovery of Archimedes ' principle .
It was not the wonderful principle of self-determination .
Other burners based on the same principle exist .
This is known as the principle of separability .
Gautama Buddha distinguished between a principle and a rule .
However , the unit did demonstrate the basic principle .
There are tours led through lava tubes by a guiding service ( e.g .
Tour companies have established an industry leading and guiding tours into and through caves .
The greater honeyguide interacts with humans by guiding them to the nests of wild bees .
But no one can disagree with the guiding principle—with liberty and justice for all . ' ''
A guiding principle of the Articles was to establish and preserve the independence and sovereignty of the states .
Finally , Apollo caused Achilles ' death by guiding an arrow shot by Paris into Achilles ' heel .
In ethics , Rand argued for rational and ethical egoism ( rational self-interest ) , as the guiding moral principle .
However , despite being an atheist , he did believe in a `` guiding principle '' that transcends the physical laws .
The Alexander teacher provides verbal coaching while monitoring , guiding and preventing unnecessary habits at their source with a specialized hands-on assistance .
Al-Qaeda 's top leaders have defined the organization 's ideology and guiding strategy , and they have also articulated simple and easy-to-receive messages .
The executive branch is responsible for proposing legislation and a budget , executing the laws , and guiding the foreign and internal policies .
As the executive branch , it is responsible for proposing legislation and a budget , enforcing the laws , and guiding foreign and internal policies .
The executive branch is responsible for proposing legislation and a budget , executing the laws , and guiding the country 's foreign and domestic policies .
He founded the religion of Thelema , identifying himself as the prophet entrusted with guiding humanity into the Æon of Horus in the early 20th century .
The exemplary role of the collective leadership of the Communist Party of China in this regard should be a guiding lodestar of our own struggle . ''
The horizontal oscillator is a different situation .
The format of the horizontal sync pulse varies .
The horizontal and vertical convergence circuits are similar .
The same applies with the horizontal deflection plates .
For example , a horizontal beam tends to sag .
A large scope induces a load which is nearly horizontal .
`` Cyclogyros '' rotate their wings about a horizontal axis .
The horizontal and vertical oscillators form the raster on the CRT .
Units of ten are usually a horizontal line through the vertical .
Volume is the horizontal axis and pressure is the vertical axis .
An asymptote can be either vertical or non-vertical ( oblique or horizontal ) .
Below these lines is a wide space with a horizontal crack dividing it .
Theobald noted that substantial horizontal gene transfer could have occurred during early evolution .
It consisted of four hemispherical cups on horizontal arms mounted on a vertical shaft .
The ANC flag comprises three equal horizontal stripes – black , green and gold .
Computer vision is the ability to analyze visual input .
Nearly all Blacks had lost the ability to vote .
The arene ring has an ability to stabilize charges .
They have the ability to run and turn well .
This ability was lost during the dictatorship of Sulla .
Another contributing factor is the ability of an element to catenate .
Competitors dance at different levels based on their ability and experience .
The possible depth of calculation depends on the player 's ability .
The second is the ability to use different sized propellant charges .
Though slow , it had stamina and an excellent scenting ability .
To practice architecture implies the ability to practice independently of supervision .
Breast augmentation surgery generally does not interfere with future ability to breastfeed .
In 1991 , Derek Weston added the ability to measure wind direction .
Or is it merely `` simulating '' the ability to understand Chinese ?
Sensation , or the ability to feel , is typically not affected .
section .
Rhythm section .
Combat engineer section carriers .
Size of the string section .
( see Tiefer Stollen section ) .
( See the section political movements . )
( See the section political movements . )
< section begin=Scheduled_flights/ > < section end=Scheduled_flights/ >
Following this section is the Words of Mormon .
In September 1940 a section of the No .
Sunday newspapers traditionally included a special color section .
This is further explained in the Renunciation section .
This section has parallels to prior cuneiform writings .
in the second principal section or sagittal section .
Assault is defined by section 252 of that Act .
Anime style .
Barbershop style .
Cinematic style .
Design style .
Leadership style .
Literary style .
Literary style .
Management style .
Musical style .
Musical style .
Musical style .
Musical style .
Playing style .
Playing style .
Playing style .
Additional work .
Early work .
Early work .
Early work .
Early work .
His work .
Intelligence work .
Later work .
Marble work .
Mathematical work .
Other work .
Other work .
Other work .
Other work .
Physiological work .
Rare and theoretical forms .
opposite side of the theoretical triangle .
However , this division is mostly theoretical .
Aviators are certified through theoretical and in-flight examinations .
Computational linguistics has both theoretical and applied components .
So Moseley published his results without a theoretical explanation .
The initial Project Daedalus model sparked further theoretical research .
This work stimulated many new theoretical and experimental studies .
is one of unsolved problems in theoretical computer science .
Whittaker based his approach on theoretical assertions and empirical sampling .
In practice , DLC share prices exhibit large deviations from theoretical parity .
Theoretical computational linguistics focuses on issues in theoretical linguistics and cognitive science .
True moving bed chromatography ( TMBC ) is only a theoretical concept .
Astronomers usually fall under either of two main types : observational and theoretical .
Despite being impractical , theoretical breaks can sometimes provide insight into vulnerability patterns .
Emily refused to go .
Whiteman considered letting them go .
'Make him go through torture ! '
All proceeds go to the Foundation .
`` , `` Let 's go .
`` Where shall we go ? ''
Let 's go have a Coca-Cola . ''
airlines to go international before the 1940s .
Barcelona 's cultural roots go back 2000 years .
However , his call did not go unheeded .
Many go on to work in Acoustical Engineering .
The branches go downward and the roots upward .
These invasion plans also did not go ahead .
But it will go away , wo n't it ?
Cities typically have public spaces where anyone can go .
Augustinian view .
Modern view .
Muslim view .
Protestant view .
Scientific view .
Traditional view .
Anabaptist influence view .
Cantor 's view .
Corporate view of election .
Perpetuity and succession view .
Consensus view on cosmic rays .
with the field of view .
A combinatorial view : alternating permutations .
Eden doubtless shared the same view .
An algorithmic view : the Seidel triangle .
Executive branch .
Executive branch .
Executive branch .
Executive branch .
Executive branch .
Executive branch .
Executive branch .
Executive branch .
Executive branch .
Executive branch .
Executive branch .
Executive branch .
Executive branch .
Executive branch .
Executive branch .
Climate change .
Climate change .
Climate change .
Climate change .
Organizational change .
Population change .
Localization of change .
Wind of change .
Contributions to climate change .
Issues with climate change .
Concrete and climate change adaptation .
Concrete and climate change mitigation .
Distances normally change over time .
The voltage change is triphasic .
There would be one change .
Cyanide is basic .
Four basic types .
Etymology and basic philosophy .
Table of basic letters .
Variations on the basic themes .
Algal characteristics basic to primary classification .
A cone is a basic geometrical shape .
The basic Arabic alphabet contains 28 letters .
The basic approach used is as follows .
The basic model enclosed of floor area .
A few stations have a basic wharf facility .
Administrative law in Germany follows three basic principles .
Dostum received his basic military training in Jalalabad .
The atom is the basic unit of chemistry .
The basic sentence structure is Subject Object Verb .
Battlecruiser action .
Fleet action .
Legal action .
Battlecruisers in action .
Class action lawsuit .
Mechanism of action .
Mechanism of action .
Mechanism of action .
Mechanism of action .
Mechanism of action .
Mechanism of action .
Perception and action .
class action settlement .
Class action in Canada .
Mechanism of insecticidal action .
Anti-imperialism and international solidarity .
The French Canadians largely ignored France 's appeals for solidarity .
Castillo herself considers `` Chicano/a '' to be a positive identity of self-determination and political solidarity .
The basic principles of anarcho-syndicalism are direct action , workers ' solidarity and workers ' self-management .
Afghans , particularly Pashtuns , are noted for their tribal solidarity and high regard for personal honor .
During the Third World Liberation Front strikes of 1968 , Chicano artists created posters to express solidarity .
It was chosen in part to represent Cuban solidarity with its own large element of African descent .
The `` realistic '' partaking in the mystery of Jesus is only possible within the solidarity of the Christian community .
This led them to emphasize this figure million in order to gain the solidarity of international public opinion with Zionism .
Building solidarity with undocumented immigrants also became important , despite legal status and economic competitiveness at times working to maintain distance .
Lara said he declined selection in a stand of solidarity , when these players were dropped because of their sponsorship deals .
Collective trauma can be alleviated through cohesive and collective efforts such as recognition , remembrance , solidarity , communal therapy and massive cooperation .
The government was accused of `` deftly manipulat ( ing ) Arab solidarity '' to carry out policies of apartheid and ethnic cleansing .
Ambrose considered the poor not a distinct group of outsiders , but a part of a united people to be stood with in solidarity .
Steiner was a sharp critic of nationalism , which he saw as outdated , and a proponent of achieving social solidarity through individual freedom .
Accounting and external auditing .
It used an external AC adapter .
ft ) of external storage space .
In some countries , there is external regulation .
It has $ 2.8 billion in external debt .
Most families use external rather than internal fertilization .
A crystal 's habit is its visible external shape .
They are shaped by individual choices and external constraints .
With a few exceptions , frogs use external fertilisation .
The external observer believes the system is in state formula_1 .
An external command called `` bashbug '' reports Bash shell bugs .
Consciousness is the awareness of external objects and experiences within oneself .
Debt – external : $ 48.263 billion ( 2015 est . )
Internal or external CPU accelerators often include their own expansion memory .
The Athabasca River region produces oil for internal and external use .
Development of young .
Nurturer of the young .
Bolivia has a young population .
A young boy of only 19 years .
Madam Armfeldt offers advice to young Fredrika .
Only a young drummer boy was spared .
Hotels are popular meeting places for young people .
Male bears play no role in raising young .
Many young hip-hop fans greatly admire her . ''
Alcoholism is most common among males and young adults .
An incubating parent may alternatively stay with its young .
He was succeeded by his young son , Theodosius .
Males kill young to bring the female into estrus .
Most alcoholics develop alcoholism during adolescence or young adulthood .
Organized chess even for young children has become common .
Post-classical and contemporary .
Culture and contemporary life .
Culture and contemporary life .
Reforms and contemporary history .
Reputation among contemporary writers .
Split among contemporary Austrians .
It was not a contemporary practice .
Most contemporary creationist organizations reject such perspectives .
Pliny 's contemporary Pomponius Mela ( c .
Chess is also present in contemporary popular culture .
Conomor is considered a likelier contemporary of Gildas .
Other contemporary sources called the same area Kurdistan .
The series also references contemporary and ancient history .
Rand 's relationship with contemporary philosophers was mostly antagonistic .
Students may not listen to most contemporary popular music .
Scholar and activist .
Prominent members included activist Malcolm X and boxer Muhammad Ali .
Gandhi himself was assassinated by a Hindu activist in January 1948 .
DeMille was a conservative Republican activist , becoming more conservative as he aged .
Sakharov married a fellow human rights activist , Yelena Bonner , in 1972 .
He has continued to be an activist , publisher , lecturer , and producer .
After retiring , she became an animal rights activist and created the Fondation Brigitte Bardot .
The British National Party ( BNP ) was founded by the extreme-right political activist John Tyndall .
Bardot is a strong animal rights activist and a major opponent of the consumption of horse meat .
He was a public intellectual , historian , social critic , political activist , and Nobel laureate .
As a singer , songwriter and lifelong political activist , Guthrie carries on the legacy of his father .
The veteran gay rights and gay marriage activist Evan Wolfson has called these claims `` historic revisionism '' .
Elmer Zinn Million , a local activist , compared Hill to Lee Harvey Oswald , the assassin of President Kennedy .
He collaborated with poet Adrian Mitchell to tell the story of Chilean folk singer and activist Víctor Jara in song .
He has been an activist with projects of The Revcoms , such as Refuse Fascism and Stop Mass Incarceration Network .
Energy momentum pseudotensor .
Analogy to linear momentum .
Angular momentum and torque .
Conservation of angular momentum .
Scalar—angular momentum from Lagrangian mechanics .
Orbital angular momentum in two dimensions .
The momentum achieved must be sustained . ''
Their product , is the matter 's momentum .
Like linear momentum it involves elements of mass and displacement .
A second problem is related to the conservation of angular momentum .
Angular momentum can be considered a rotational analog of linear momentum .
By the 1950s , the civil rights movement was gaining momentum .
The symmetry associated with conservation of angular momentum is rotational invariance .
Unlike linear momentum it also involves elements of position and shape .
Angular momentum can be described as the rotational analog of linear momentum .
Philosophical orientation .
Structure and orientation .
Sexual orientation and gender identity .
Around 1990 , it changed to a left-to-right orientation .
Business Ethicists differ in their orientation towards labor ethics .
Changes in binding orientation also occur for facially-organized oligopeptides .
Furthermore , named streets and avenues can have any orientation .
The orientation of the thoracic appendages appears ill-suited for benthic living .
This new orientation started to integrate psychological aspects into their play .
Publications investigating the relationship between sexual orientation and romantic orientation are limited .
The toughness of corundum is sensitive to surface roughness and crystallographic orientation .
BDSM is considered by some of its practitioners to be a sexual orientation .
Loosely speaking is energy , is analogous to eccentricity , and is orientation .
The Act forbade the military from inquiring about an individual 's sexual orientation .
They typically related to a geographical orientation or other locally meaningful identifying features .
If you embrace it , it can be a very beautiful thing .
Critics also blamed the ACLU for encouraging the Supreme Court to embrace judicial activism .
During the era of decolonization , newly born Asian countries started to embrace air transport .
Of all the Clampett clan , he is the most eager to embrace city life .
Rothkopf says that the United States should embrace `` cultural imperialism '' as in its self-interest .
Additionally the armed forces embrace several military sub-groups that can be involved in state defense when needed .
As they embrace , the water begins flowing from the rock - a true miracle this time .
Malietoa Tanumafili II of Samoa was the first serving head of state to embrace the Baháʼí Faith .
Nevertheless , the Sino-Balinese claim to embrace Buddhism for administrative purposes , such as their Identity Cards .
Unlike many of the other Jesuit students , he did not embrace Roman Catholicism but remained Orthodox .
As the movement shaped 21st century radicalism , wider embrace of anarchist principles signaled a revival of interest .
Benedictine Oblates endeavor to embrace the spirit of the Benedictine vow in their own life in the world .
He also said that the West erred in thinking that the whole world should embrace this as model .
He believed there to be no contradiction between religion and modernity , and urged Muslims to embrace modernity .
Islamic attitudes toward celibacy have been complex , Muhammad denounced it , however some Sufi orders embrace it .
Ancient times .
Ancient times .
Ancient times .
Ancient times .
Medieval times .
Medieval times .
Modern times .
Modern times .
Modern times .
Prehistoric times .
Recent times .
Recent times .
In modern times .
In modern times .
In modern times .
These generate the same languages .
Type-1 grammars generate context-sensitive languages .
Type-2 grammars generate the context-free languages .
Type-3 grammars generate the regular languages .
These operations provide employment and generate international aid .
This reaction is used to generate organosilicon compounds .
Apple will use the methane emissions to generate electricity .
Random forest techniques generate a panel of decision trees .
Synthesizers can either imitate sounds or generate new ones .
Tertiary alcohols react with strong acids to generate carbocations .
In online display advertising , display ads generate awareness quickly .
Larger earthquakes can generate very large shear loads on structures .
The latter may be heated in a vacuum to generate .
These sites can use small hydropower systems to generate electricity .
Catalytic heaters generate flameless heat from a supply of combustible fuel .
The 14th Dalai Lama was also influenced by this eclectic approach .
Sarajevo is internationally renowned for its eclectic and diverse selection of festivals .
The initial efforts of Śāntarakṣita and Kamalaśīla brought their eclectic scholarly tradition to Tibet .
Rogers still concluded that what is a video game `` appears highly eclectic and diverse '' .
Spears 's ninth studio album `` Glory '' is more eclectic and experimental than her previous released work .
Berlin 's history has left the city with a polycentric organization and a highly eclectic array of architecture and buildings .
The two halls are fully polychrome with oil paintings on the plaster surfaces , with eclectic references to mythology and flowers .
Produced by the Dust Brothers , it blends eclectic samples and has been described as an early work of experimental hip hop .
His book collection reflects his eclectic taste and interests , and includes books written by and about some of his acquaintances and friends .
The latter , designed by Joseph Poelaert , in eclectic style , is reputed to be the largest building constructed in the 19th century .
In his youth he was drawn to the eclectic ( and now extinct ) Manichaean faith , and later to the Hellenistic philosophy/religion of Neoplatonism .
Beastie Boys signed an eclectic roster of artists to their Grand Royal label , including Luscious Jackson , Sean Lennon , and Australian artist Ben Lee .
Many of the city 's landmarks were built during the early 20th century , when architectural elements of the European styles were combined in eclectic style .
Anarchism has continued to generate many philosophies and movements , at times eclectic , drawing upon various sources and combining disparate concepts to create new philosophical approaches .
Freeform station WCBN-FM 88.3 is a local community radio/college radio station operated by the students of the University of Michigan featuring noncommercial , eclectic music and public-affairs programming .
chaos ; authoritarianism vs .
An early proponent of chaos theory was Henri Poincaré .
Researchers have continued to apply chaos theory to psychology .
Traffic forecasting may benefit from applications of chaos theory .
Robotics is another area that has recently benefited from chaos theory .
This behavior is known as deterministic chaos , or simply chaos .
However , in chaos theory , the term is defined more precisely .
However , sensitive dependence on initial conditions alone does not give chaos .
MNLF described the group as `` causing chaos to their community '' .
Under the right conditions , chaos spontaneously evolves into a lockstep pattern .
Occasional exceptions to this rule are tolerated when the alternative is political chaos .
The main catalyst for the development of chaos theory was the electronic computer .
Villeroi 's right flank fell into chaos and was now open and vulnerable .
However , this example has no topological mixing , and therefore has no chaos .
In common usage , `` chaos '' means `` a state of disorder '' .
Breaking news .
A news blackout was imposed .
Anne received the news quietly .
Future possibility of regional news .
The prevailing winds are from the news .
Clytemnestra calls in Aegisthus to learn the news .
He also received news of a Thracian uprising .
In fear of this news , Demetrius withdrew .
Union reaction to the news of the victory .
Anne met the news with characteristic determination and self-control .
Scott disclosed the memorial in a post-flight news conference .
The news of the Union victory electrified the North .
Richard 's forces disintegrated as news of his death spread .
Spencer Kelly presents the technology news programme `` Click '' .
The news was released to the public in November 1947 .
Media coverage .
Media and coverage .
Mobile network coverage .
Radio and television coverage .
Lack of critical media coverage .
Their coverage was presented by Nicky Campbell .
Costas hosted NBC 's coverage of the U.S .
The ADA provides explicit coverage for auxiliary aids .
The ADA provides explicit coverage for service animals .
Increasing coverage requires a substantial increase of investment financing .
Mobile phone coverage is rapidly expanding in rural areas .
Navy to provide aerial coverage in the Mid-Atlantic gap .
Carolla criticized coverage of his comments as over-simplistic and misleading .
However , Costas ultimately dropped out of the coverage entirely .
Television coverage of this mission was thus terminated almost immediately .
Media publicity .
Burton admitted he was annoyed by the publicity .
Schaefer remained a great supporter and saw the unprecedented contract as good publicity .
Strong incentives for perceived originality and publicity also encouraged artists to court controversy .
RKO 's publicity advertisements for the film erroneously promoted it as a love story .
The Holiday Train also provides publicity for CP and a few of its customers .
These murders mounted in 1957 , as Fidel Castro gained more publicity and influence .
The Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 interrupted publicity surrounding the building 's design and construction .
Einstein 's right of publicity was litigated in 2015 in a federal district court in California .
He would visit orphanages , schools , and hospitals throughout his life , often avoiding publicity .
The winner of the Booker Prize receives international publicity which usually leads to a sales boost .
The publicity allowed him to secure an additional $ 1 million to build the 26-passenger Midnight Liner .
`` , and paid the Rogers & Cowan publicity agency $ 3,500 per month to implement it .
37 of Federal Constitution ) : legality , impersonality , publicity of administrative acts , morality and efficiency .
Along with advertising , and to gain free publicity , Albert A. Pope litigated on behalf of cyclists .
Henry made no attempt to engage in combat himself .
Other mammals engage in limited , non-locomotory , bipedalism .
The majority of salamanders also engage in internal fertilisation .
People who engage in arbitrage are called arbitrageurs ( ) .
One example of this is aphids which can engage in heterogony .
People may or may not engage in purely emotional romantic relationships .
The Union , in turn , did not directly engage him .
After an angry exchange , the two women engage in a duel .
Herbert allowed his men to engage in drunken binges during shore leave .
Plants can engage in parthenogenesis as well through a process called apomixis .
British vessels could anchor in those spaces and engage the French without reply .
He continued to act , however , and to engage in public activism .
His forces did not engage the Egyptian Army immediately , despite his requests .
This reinforced German determination not to engage in a fleet to fleet battle .
Autistic females have been shown to engage in masking more frequently than autistic males .
IQ and academic achievement .
Response of the academic community .
But these decisions soon became academic .
His academic record was otherwise undistinguished .
Nearly all academic literature is non-fiction .
Watterson also lampooned the academic world .
Further academic improvement has occurred in 2015 .
Student awards in the 2015–2016 academic year .
Adherents often misrepresent the academic backgrounds of cryptozoologists .
As academic discipline with distinct fields of study .
Columbia is home to numerous undergraduate academic publications .
These gardens facilitated the academic study of plants .
He started his academic work on Basque in 1852 .
It also influenced the academic development of cryptanalytic attacks .
There are several academic libraries and archives in Brussels .
Christian anthropology .
Institutional anthropology .
Postmodern anthropology .
Comparison with social anthropology .
Ethnography dominates socio-cultural anthropology .
Rise of reproductive anthropology .
Topics in cultural anthropology .
Geertz , Schneider , and interpretive anthropology .
A portmanteau sociocultural anthropology is commonly used today .
Linguistic anthropology studies how language influences social life .
Paleoanthropology combines the disciplines of paleontology and physical anthropology .
Biological or physical anthropology studies the biological development of humans .
In contrast , archaeology and biological anthropology remained largely positivist .
It was the 2nd society dedicated to general anthropology in existence .
None of the 75 faculty members were under a department named anthropology .
These are very difficult questions .
A difficult decade ( 1969–1977 ) .
Transport in Cameroon is often difficult .
Acacia seeds can be difficult to germinate .
He initially found it difficult to compose .
Online cheating has therefore become extremely difficult .
The Ottoman Empire 's situation was difficult .
Finding sites for these silos proved extremely difficult .
Command and control of such huge fleets remained difficult .
Gröbner bases are deemed to be difficult to compute .
It was a low-scoring affair on a difficult wicket .
Senior Counsel appear in particularly complex or difficult cases .
The initial years of self-government were difficult and unstable .
After a difficult struggle , he succeeded in suppressing piracy .
Even journalists find it difficult to access celebrities for interviews .
Carbon-carbon bonds are strong and stable .
Passivated chromium is stable against acids .
Innermost stable circular orbit ( ISCO ) .
It was very stable but extremely expensive .
Of aluminium isotopes , only is stable .
The +5 oxidation state is more stable .
The most stable chlorine radioisotope is 36Cl .
Bohrium has no stable or naturally occurring isotopes .
Carbon has two stable , naturally occurring isotopes .
Gray arsenic is also the most stable form .
It has only one stable isotope , caesium-133 .
The maximum stable connection allowed was eight players .
There are about 350 known beta-decay stable nuclides .
strategy to bring a stable peace to Bosnia .
Bromine has two stable isotopes , Br and Br .
Nouns may be singular or plural .
There are four singular definite articles .
Both are current in singular and plural .
All these tenses ' forms are gender-specific in the singular .
In both cases , the singular region has zero volume .
There were also two weapons made up of a singular star .
These sticks are called ( singular ) and ( plural ) .
However , non-human plural nouns are grammatically considered to be feminine singular .
The Turkish first person singular copula suffix is omitted when introducing oneself .
The singular region can thus be thought of as having infinite density .
Bavaria is divided into seven administrative regions called ' ( singular ' ) .
Number in Breton is primarily based on an opposition between singular and plural .
Of these , 4,494,995 gave singular responses to the question regarding their first language .
Since analytic varieties may have singular points , not all analytic varieties are manifolds .
The feminine absolute singular is often marked by the ending ה- `` -â '' .
Generally , there is no scientific consensus about this .
However , there is no consensus on this interpretation .
This has been called the `` integration consensus '' .
Still , no consensus was reached on a preliminary draft .
A convention was called at Borja in order to develop a consensus .
More recently , this consensus has been the subject of further scrutiny .
There is a broad consensus among academics that cryptozoology is a pseudoscience .
There is not yet a definitive consensus regarding diagnostic criteria of catatonia .
Unfortunately , there is little consensus on terminology for these informal properties .
Almost all scholars have accepted this classification as the new and continued consensus .
A sixth-century date for Obadiah is a `` near consensus '' position among scholars .
Expert consensus is that allegations of the existence of Bigfoot are not credible science .
There is consensus that supermassive black holes exist in the centres of most galaxies .
There is no real consensus ; arguments for the three behaviors are as follows .
Nonetheless , the consensus remains that they were part of the Alfredian programme of translation .
Describing multiple centers .
For multiple factors .
Self-propelled multiple rocket-launcher .
Single and multiple bonds .
Twists involving multiple franchises .
Each gametocyte forms multiple gametes .
Multinucleated cells contain multiple nuclei .
Songs were rewritten multiple times .
D calls may have multiple functions .
Dalton 's law of multiple proportions .
Lamizana 's rule and multiple coups .
Many substances exhibit multiple solid phases .
Players and managers with multiple teams .
The game has won multiple awards :
formula_125 is a multiple of formula_128 .
This core is theoretically enough for everyday life .
Heat is generated due to resistive and core losses .
It has multiple spiral arms and a bright core .
It is a core function and fundamental component of computers .
Broadly viewed , scientific approaches are based on two core concepts .
The core was specifically aimed at 10–125 W TDP computing products .
These fish—especially the salmon species—provided the core subsistence for native peoples .
A few test cases usually give some confidence in the core functionality .
A profusion of languages and subcultures developed within the Maya core culture .
Any characteristic beyond it only disturbs the functioning of this essential core .
At its core , it was a series of Pascalines wired together .
Gaudí was a very practical man and a craftsman at his core .
It has two primary arms with fragments located farther from the core .
Its collection became the core of the later Basel Museum of Art .
Mott Children 's Hospital and Women 's Hospital in its core complex .
Boot priority .
Establishment of priority .
Banks have such a priority .
Antibiotics targeting multidrug-resistant Gram-positive pathogens remains a high priority .
Nevertheless , his priority was not established until 1985 .
The user can select the boot priority implemented by the BIOS .
cells will not be dropped or reduced in priority at the UNI .
A dual priority is to promote innovative , effective and accessible health systems .
Although Lyell could not agree , he urged Darwin to publish to establish priority .
For the back atom , only the group of higher priority need be considered .
The Bank 's main priority has been to keep inflation at a moderate level .
When Kolmogorov became aware of Solomonoff 's work , he acknowledged Solomonoff 's priority .
Cooperation with other emerging powers remain a top priority in Brazil 's global diplomatic strategy .
In most modern BIOSes , the boot priority order can be configured by the user .
The move signals the government 's intention to make science and technology a development priority .
Alfons Mucha became the main representative .
Its most familiar representative is Dominican amber .
Hobbes ' view is representative of his tradition .
The series score is representative of its setting .
The National Capitol is a great representative of romanticism .
The descriptions below are mostly representative of this variety .
No Old English representative of any of these is known .
The Czech Republic is a pluralist multi-party parliamentary representative democracy .
Josef Markwart suggests he was a late representative of the Zunbils .
`` Pappy '' Gunn and North American technical representative Jack Fox .
Brazil is a federal presidential constitutional republic , based on representative democracy .
Chromatography , electrophoresis and field flow fractionation are representative of this field .
Elections were held to form a representative , multi-ethnic , Ottoman parliament .
It was signed with Lord Goronwy-Roberts being the representative of the UK .
Other changes were made to implement representative state house and senate districts .
Military slavery .
Abolition of slavery .
Private slavery was forbidden .
Views of race and slavery .
Schopenhauer was fervently opposed to slavery .
End of slavery and prohibition of capoeira .
Main sights include : Memory of slavery .
After the conquest and the introduction of slavery .
Johnson finally decided that slavery had to end .
Copperheads criticized Lincoln for refusing to compromise on slavery .
Johnston was a proponent of slavery and a slaveholder .
The family was divided on the issue of slavery .
Three years later , the Montagnard Convention abolished slavery .
During slavery , anti-literacy laws were enacted in the U.S .
However , he later became an outspoken critic of slavery .
Evangelical and fundamentalist beliefs .
Conservative and fundamentalist Christians see the Bible differently and interpret it differently .
Christian Reconstructionism is a fundamentalist Calvinist theonomic movement that has remained rather obscure .
) , autocratic religions ( e.g. , fundamentalist Islam , Roman Catholicism , etc .
The term is most frequently used among evangelical and fundamentalist Christians in the United States .
and associated with BJU , is one of the largest fundamentalist mission boards in the country .
The Conference typically attracts fundamentalist preachers and laymen from around the country , and some BJU class reunions are held during the week .
Al-Qaeda and other fundamentalist Sunni militant groups have invested heavily in the civil conflict , at times actively backing and supporting the mainstream Syrian Opposition .
Political partisanship affecting religious belief may be a factor because political partisanship in the US is highly correlated with fundamentalist thinking , unlike in Europe .
Some “ fundamentalist ” groups with relatively small memberships have broken off and continue to practice polygamy , but the Church distances itself from them .
A small minority of the country 's Muslims hold more fundamentalist practices , which , in some cases , may be associated with Saudi-oriented Salafi movements .
Born to a wealthy family in Royal Leamington Spa , Warwickshire , Crowley rejected his parents ' fundamentalist Christian Plymouth Brethren faith to pursue an interest in Western esotericism .
Eventually , the church adopted a policy of excommunicating its members found practicing polygamy and today seeks to actively distance itself from `` fundamentalist '' groups still practicing polygamy .
However , eventually the church adopted a policy of excommunicating its members found practicing polygamy and today seeks to actively distance itself from Mormon fundamentalist groups still practicing polygamy .
His Bar Mitzvah marked the end of Laurents 's religious education and the beginning of his rejection of all fundamentalist religions , although he continued to identify himself as Jewish .
But this supremacy was short-lived .
) , patriarchy , heterosexism , white supremacy , and imperialism . ''
For many years previously , Britain had taken naval supremacy for granted .
There , they competed for trade supremacy with Portugal and with each other .
Trefousse considers Johnson 's legacy to be `` the maintenance of white supremacy .
States that have codified constitutions normally give the constitution supremacy over ordinary statute law .
Cleombrotus was defeated and killed at the Battle of Leuctra and the Spartan supremacy overthrown .
He acknowledged the spiritual supremacy of the pope and received a royal crown from a papal legate .
At their heart , the Ridda movements were challenges to the political and religious supremacy of the Islamic state .
Peirce grew up in a home where white supremacy was taken for granted , and Southern slavery was considered natural .
The State of Pakistan was subjected to years of military rule due to fears of Bengali political supremacy under democracy .
Vann R. Newkirk| wrote `` the trial of his killers became a pageant illuminating the tyranny of White supremacy '' .
Meanwhile , the Philistines take the Ark to the temple of their god Dagon , who recognizes the supremacy of Yahweh .
As the power of the kings diminished , regional governors called nomarchs began to challenge the supremacy of the office of king .
Britain answered with further shipbuilding , but by the end of the pre-dreadnought era , British supremacy at sea had markedly weakened .
Shot noise is white noise .
Changing status of the white colonies .
Instead , white Southerners felt emboldened .
The white flowers are highly scented .
Seeds are compressed-globose , white to pink .
Combined with white , it can symbolize intuition .
He always wears a gray or white beard .
The majority of siu laap is white meat .
You are not a white dove either '' .
Columbus historically had a significant population of white people .
Letters were now purple with white and copper trim .
Many species have large , yellow or white flowers .
Most dancers are white and middle or upper-middle class .
The discharge is usually white or gray in color .
The helmets were white with a red center stripe .
Historians disagree less about the French numbers .
Sources disagree on the word 's meaning .
The two dictionaries disagree on almost everything .
Aerodynamicists disagree on the precise definition of hypersonic flow .
Smaller or less powerful parties can be intimidated to not openly disagree .
Anarchist schools disagree on the methods by which these forms should be opposed .
Scholars disagree over the effects of social status on racial classifications in Brazil .
Political scientists disagree on the names and precise boundaries of the eras , however .
Scientists disagree about how to assign a probability distribution to this hypothetical anthropic landscape .
Most Christians disagree with the teaching of creationism as an alternative to evolution in schools .
Some maintain that those scriptural references pertain to a spiritual death , although others disagree .
But even experienced judges may disagree in their judgments , which threatens to undermine ideal-observer theories .
But no one can disagree with the guiding principle—with liberty and justice for all . ' ''
Searle does not disagree that AI research can create machines that are capable of highly intelligent behavior .
Since archaeoastronomers disagree so widely on the characterization of the discipline , they even dispute its name .
equal radii .
Bill treated me as an equal .
This is approximately equal to formula_108 iterations .
For example , is not necessarily equal to .
( Normally the two portions have about equal size .
Albinism usually occurs with equal frequency in both sexes .
It also considers all living things to be equal .
It is equal to 1.8 BTU or 1,899 joules .
These rest states need not have equal potential energy .
This arrangement of frets results in equal tempered tuning .
the greatest integer less than or equal to formula_73 .
It occurs in males and females in approximately equal numbers .
The worst case is achieved when the integers are equal .
Therefore , negroes are equal in political rights to whites .
Islam offered them equal opportunities and advancement within the Ottoman Empire .
Cuneiform texts dedicated to Inanna which incorporate domination rituals .
The ratio of Muslims to Christians fluctuated throughout the period of Ottoman domination .
This resulted in Soviet domination and control of the nations of Eastern Europe .
However , some maintain that Segovia 's influence led to its domination over other designs .
He eventually united the local Turkic tribes and threw off the yoke of the Rouran domination .
Many aspects of this culture persist in the area , despite nearly 500 years of European domination .
He continues to advocate holding authority accountable to prevent domination , but affirms the state 's right to act .
Anarchists consider the state as a tool of domination and believe it to be illegitimate regardless of its political tendencies .
Another time , the term Central Europe became connected to the German plans of political , economic and cultural domination .
For him , the Eurocentric view of the discovery of America sustains systems of domination in ways that favor Europeans .
New Kingdom tomb-seals also depict Anubis sitting atop the nine bows that symbolize his domination over the enemies of Egypt .
In 1702 Scarlatti left Naples and did not return until the Spanish domination had been superseded by that of the Austrians .
Davis maintains that `` the ideological core of anarchism is the belief that society can and should be organised without hierarchy and domination .
Cypriot architecture was heavily influenced by French Gothic and Italian renaissance introduced in the island during the era of Latin domination ( 1191–1571 ) .
The ancient Egyptian military was responsible for defending Egypt against foreign invasion , and for maintaining Egypt 's domination in the ancient Near East .
Supporters of capitalism also generally oppose crony capitalism .
Some feminists continued to oppose male-controlled contraceptives such as condoms .
By the mid-19th century , northern Baptists tended to oppose slavery .
Critics from religious traditions oppose her atheism and her rejection of altruism .
Most French , Finns , and Italians also oppose the death penalty .
Other groups which oppose the belief in the Trinity are not Arian .
Some socialists , including market anarchists and mutualists , adamantly oppose absentee ownership .
Some will think they oppose taxes in general because they hinder economic growth .
However , some companies oppose the use of their brand name to label an object .
Others may think they oppose only those taxes that they believe will hinder economic growth .
Some anarcho-capitalists strongly oppose intellectual property ( i.e. , trademarks , patents , copyrights ) .
He sought a revolution and Cuban independence from Spain , but also lobbied to oppose U.S .
John Ruskin went further , to oppose completely what manufacturing in Babbage 's sense stood for .
Thackeray believed that Hindus must be organised to struggle against those who oppose their identity and religion .
The black metal scene tends to oppose political correctness , humanitarianism , consumerism , globalization and homogeneity .
They serve eight-year terms .
highways serve the city .
Senators serve approximately eight-year terms .
Flight surgeons serve a two-year term .
Seven judges serve on the court .
Two other limited-access highways serve Cleveland .
Allenes serve as ligands in organometallic chemistry .
Bones serve a variety of mechanical functions .
Eight full-power television outlets serve the city .
Members in this house serve six-year terms .
The mayor and council serve four-year terms .
The members serve for a nine-year term .
They are not intended to serve abroad .
Three two-digit Interstate highways serve Cleveland directly .
Both these lines serve Barcelona Sants terminal station .
general AI .
1868 general election .
2015 general election .
In general semantics .
In general , U.S .
Aspect ratios of general shapes .
The Buddha Early Buddhism Buddhism general
Alkanes have the general chemical formula .
Encoding general trees as binary trees .
The primary alcohols have general formulas .
1990 general election and Nobel Peace Prize .
In general , it was extremely chaotic .
In general formula_6 Lepton number is conserved .
Montgomery twice met Israeli general Moshe Dayan .
The main general types are listed below .
Louis to promote the movie .
This is to promote bone healing .
Some profitable aquaculture cooperatives promote sustainable practices .
Five singles were released to promote the album .
The rules provide detailed criteria to promote consistency .
These hormones also promote increased secretion of osteoprotegerin .
These rules are designed to promote more offense .
Ginsberg travelled to several communist countries to promote free speech .
It was subsequently returned to service to promote public relations .
The use of condoms helps promote regression of these changes .
Both offer training and promote high ethical standards among their members .
He launched the prize partly as a means to promote Lulu .
He renamed his command the South-Eastern Army to promote offensive spirit .
Overall , four different singles were released to promote the album .
Catholics unsuccessfully tried to promote him for canonization in the 19th century .
Human vision .
`` Blake vision '' .
Development of theories of color vision .
Afonso showed extraordinary vision for the time .
They allow colour vision and depth of focus .
vision , language , categorization etc . ) .
And yet it is not a hopeless vision . ''
Computer vision is the ability to analyze visual input .
They enlarge printed pages for those with low vision .
This head-lowered position restricted their breathing and their vision .
Two major theories on vision prevailed in classical antiquity .
The book opens with a vision of YHWH ( ) .
`` So I went on this sort of vision quest .
A less confrontational vision of scientific discovery is proposed by Adloff .
Possibility of light propagation suggest that light was independent of vision .
Each option has a corresponding hand signal .
Normally players score points after each hand .
Set and the right hand side becomes .
A sign may use one hand or both .
Alfred also tried his hand at naval design .
They even produced Arsenius ' severed hand . )
the previous eldest hand becomes the new dealer .
Achilles asks Priam for Polyxena 's hand in marriage .
With the results to hand , discrepancies were found .
Hermann was forced to sculpt a stand-in skull by hand .
Left hand draw = arrow on left side of bow .
On this hand , South has 14 high card points .
Printed sheets on the other hand could easily be moved .
Usually , semantic and syntactic ambiguity go hand in hand .
According to contemporary English accounts , Henry fought hand to hand .
We were destined to destroy each other .
They destroy Vortigern and become friends with Merlin .
A single abzyme molecule can destroy thousands of HIV viruses .
If you destroy their culture , you also destroy their identity .
The objective of `` Asteroids '' is to destroy asteroids and saucers .
These oxidizers are used to destroy cyanides in effluents from gold mining .
Biological warfare can also specifically target plants to destroy crops or defoliate vegetation .
Composting can destroy some pathogens or unwanted seeds , by reaching temperatures above .
Cytotoxic T lymphocytes that recognize these antigens may be able to destroy tumor cells .
The French retaliated by launching a follow-up operation to destroy the Ivorian Air Force .
Their hostility to Judah is shown in their joining the Chaldeans to destroy it .
This assumption was a major reason Hearst tried to destroy `` Citizen Kane '' .
Combustion is also used to destroy ( incinerate ) waste , both nonhazardous and hazardous .
Cryosurgery procedures such as cryoablation use liquid argon to destroy tissue such as cancer cells .
First it Spartan-Macedonian forces suffered two defeats but in 379 they managed to destroy Olynthus .
Teach was tall , with broad shoulders .
Anthroposophy describes a broad evolution of human consciousness .
Dating is still currently broad ( 3500–500 BC ) .
Specific techniques under this broad heading are listed below .
There are two broad types of canal : Importance .
A broad variety of sulfur compounds of arsenic are known .
Aberration of lateral object points with broad pencils — coma .
Examples of disposal are broad , including recovery and recycling .
Franklin proposed a broad Plan of Union for the colonies .
These regions are broad and not defined along county lines .
Among the most broad of his portrayals is that of Agrippina .
Circular metal discs called Phalera were attached to the broad end .
Colombia is engaged in a broad range of narcotics control activities .
The broad outlines of the poet 's life are well known .
They are broad and muscular with shaggy coats of long hair .
I am sure that an oppressive feeling struck me as I drove past .
States with capitalistic economic systems have thrived under political regimes deemed to be authoritarian or oppressive .
This oppressive backdrop explains the frequently referenced migration of humans to `` off-world '' ( extraterrestrial ) colonies .
The Aga Khan campaigned against the institution of purda and zenāna , which he felt were oppressive and un-Islamic institutions .
Aegina had always been exposed to the raids of corsairs and had oppressive governors during these last 30 years of Venetian rule .
Even in this oppressive climate , few rallied to the Ustaša cause and the movement was never able to organise within Croatia .
Stonehenge and other megaliths are featured in `` Milton '' , suggesting they may relate to the oppressive power of priestcraft in general .
Cities can be perceived in terms of extremes or opposites : at once liberating and oppressive , wealthy and poor , organized and chaotic .
Solzhenitsyn emphasized the significantly more oppressive character of the Soviet police state , in comparison to the Russian Empire of the House of Romanov .
The term `` Big Brother '' originates from George Orwell 's novel `` Nineteen Eighty-Four , '' with its theme of continuous oppressive surveillance .
He also visited Algeria once more , only to leave disappointed by the continued oppressive colonial policies , which he had warned about many times .
a belief that some covert but influential agency ( typically political in motivation and oppressive in intent ) is responsible for an unexplained event . ''
From his conquests to expand the kingdom to a bloody civil war , Alexander 's reign has been generalised as cruel and oppressive with never-ending conflict .
However , the oppressive government fell soon after his death , and was supplanted by the longer-lived Han dynasty ( 206 BC – 220 AD ) .
A broad categorisation can be made between aims to destroy oppressive states and institutions by revolutionary means on one hand and aims to change society through evolutionary means on the other .
Metamorphosis is gradual .
Recovery is usually gradual .
However , the development was gradual .
Onset can be gradual or sudden .
Therefore , a gradual reduction regimen is recommended .
The importance of Constantinople increased , but it was gradual .
It only hides it from the user and makes it gradual .
After Emperor Wu , the empire slipped into gradual stagnation and decline .
From then until the 1900s increases in adhesive use and discovery were relatively gradual .
Ariane 5ME qualification flight was scheduled for mid-2018 , followed by gradual introduction into service .
Donald Griffin suggests in his book `` Animal Minds '' a gradual evolution of consciousness .
Locke 's definition from 1690 illustrates that a gradual shift in meaning had taken place .
The city began a gradual economic recovery under Mayor George V. Voinovich in the 1980s .
They supported the gradual osmosis of anthropology curricula into the major institutions of higher learning .
A gradual loss of therapeutic benefit occurs in a minority of people during the course of treatment .
Axiomatic approach .
Intuitive approach .
Mental approach .
Scientific approach .
Treatment approach .
Decision theory approach .
Dutch book approach .
Germany 's approach .
Speech-based interactive approach .
Text-based interactive approach .
in microscopical approach .
Czech Republic 's approach .
European Union 's approach .
Jackson 's approach worked .
Arbitrage-free pricing approach for bonds .
Its central datatype is the multidimensional array .
Suppose that is an array of numbers .
A `` vector '' is a one-dimensional array .
A small array of hardware volume envelopes are available .
Cambodia is home to a wide array of wildlife .
The matrix resembled a two dimensional array of fuses .
This array has indices starting from zero through nine .
the address of the first item in the array .
Copenhagen has a wide array of museums of international standing .
The Judy1 type of Judy array handles 64-bit keys efficiently .
There are two systematic compact layouts for a two-dimensional array .
Thus , codice_216 designates the codice_217th element of the array .
An Iliffe vector is an alternative to a multidimensional array structure .
A complex array of dominance and subservience existed during the Anglo-Saxon period .
An index `` maps '' the array value to a stored object .
The shift in reaction direction tendency occurs at .
Economic growth is a characteristic tendency of capitalist economies .
Economic growth is a characteristic tendency of capitalist economies .
During the classical era , anarchists had a militant tendency .
The term `` central tendency '' dates from the late 1920s .
Changes in temperature can also reverse the direction tendency of a reaction .
Colloquially , measures of central tendency are often called `` averages . ''
Equally important is Hitchcock 's tendency to shoot alternative takes of scenes .
Many of his important utterances testify to his tendency in this direction .
That might override creole characteristics such as the tendency towards isolating morphology .
He also has a tendency to refer to himself in the third person .
Similarly , John Robert Moore noted ' a natural tendency to oblivescence ' .
Use of aspirin during dengue fever is not recommended owing to increased bleeding tendency .
In statistics , the term average refers to any of the measures of central tendency .
Organic chalcogen compounds , especially organic sulfur compounds , have the tendency to smell unpleasant .
'We certainly have n't been militant like the Black Caucus .
Camus also supported a like-minded Algerian militant , Aziz Kessous .
During the classical era , anarchists had a militant tendency .
Protests were often peaceful , but sometimes employed militant tactics .
Traveling by bus in Afghanistan remains dangerous due to militant activities .
It is known as one of the most uncompromisingly militant Palestinian groups ever .
Overall , contemporary anarchists are much less violent and militant than their ideological ancestors .
By 2001 , Kashmiri militant group Harkat-ul-Mujahideen had become a part of the al-Qaeda coalition .
He attacked militant antiwar demonstrators , both in his personal appearances and in his strip .
A radical Islamist militant group , the JMB , carried out a series of terror attacks .
At the end of 1904 , he was jailed on suspicion of belonging to a militant group .
It was settled only when President Ulysses S. Grant ordered Joseph Brooks to disperse his militant supporters .
Panag also said al-Qaeda had strong ties with Kashmiri militant groups Lashkar-e-Taiba and Jaish-e-Mohammed based in Pakistan .
Goldwater alarmed even some of his fellow partisans with his brand of staunch fiscal conservatism and militant anti-communism .
Somalian al-Qaeda recruited children for suicide-bomber training and recruited young people to participate in militant actions against Americans .
Crimes and terrorism .
Narcotics and terrorism .
It was the deadliest act of terrorism in Belgium .
Azerbaijan is an active member of international coalitions fighting international terrorism .
Anti-abortion violence is classified by both governmental and scholarly sources as terrorism .
Bioterrorism is terrorism involving the intentional release or dissemination of biological agents .
Tourism in Balochistan sharply declined after the 9/11 terror attacks due to terrorism .
foreign policy might be part of the `` root causes '' of terrorism .
Members of The Invisible Committee were arrested in 2008 on various charges , terrorism included .
Saudi Arabia banned execution for minors , except for terrorism cases , in April 2020 .
The ANC and its members were officially removed from the US terrorism watch list in 2008 .
Despite Obama denouncing every act of terrorism , he was still associated by his opponents with terrorism .
He also vowed to take tougher action against domestic terrorism , including preemptive strikes against Chechen separatists .
Other anarchist groups advocate direct action , a tactic which can include acts of sabotage or terrorism .
It also appears after major events ( such as scandals and terrorism ) linked to a specific group .
The problems these men had to confront were enormous .
Discovering the fraud , Cora and the council confront them .
Henry had no choice but to confront Richard 's forces alone .
As disks got bigger , the FAT architecture began to confront penalties .
Nonetheless , the media continued to confront them with this in interviews .
These stories are ageless because they deal with problems that confront us at any age . ''
By 1759 , Durrani and his army had reached Lahore and were poised to confront the Marathas .
I am so alone , and so without hope that I can confront them without fear . ''
In response , the Cuban Communist Party formed hundreds of `` rapid-action brigades '' to confront protesters .
Unlike Gensher , Ogion insists that all creatures have a name and advises Ged to confront the shadow .
Congress was reluctant to confront the President , and initially only sought to fine-tune Johnson 's policies towards the South .
There were thirty-three burhs , about apart , enabling the military to confront attacks anywhere in the kingdom within a day .
Babur then marched onto Lahore to confront Daulat Khan Lodi , only to see Daulat 's army melt away at their approach .
The roads allowed an army quickly to be assembled , sometimes from more than one burh , to confront the Viking invader .
Unionized workplaces may confront union busting and strike breaking and face the ethical implications of work rules that advantage some workers over others .
Air forces .
Armed forces .
Armed forces .
Armed forces .
Armed forces .
Armed forces .
Armed forces .
Body forces .
Ethiopian forces .
Ground forces .
Independent forces .
Insurgent forces .
Italian forces .
Opposing forces .
Opposing forces .
All were successful .
Its launch was successful .
It was commercially very successful .
This strategy was immensely successful .
Both would become successful film directors .
Preventive health care is also successful .
The Greek army was also successful .
The new canals proved highly successful .
This time the mission was successful .
Bugatti cars were extremely successful in racing .
Cefepime and piperacillin/tazobactam have been less successful .
Her six-year association with Nagel was successful .
Lincoln managed his own successful re-election campaign .
Tennis is Chile 's most successful sport .
The mission was successful and widely publicized .
Angola is a majority Christian country .
Brahui has majority in 4 districts .
The majority of these were evolutionists .
The overwhelming majority are mass nouns .
A majority vote is required to win .
However , the majority are under across .
Laws are passed on a majority vote .
The country has a Bengali Muslim majority .
The great majority of bryozoans are sessile .
The majority of its adherents are ethnic Assyrians .
The majority of siu laap is white meat .
The vast majority ( ) is standard gauge .
The vast majority of the population was literate .
A vast majority of these students are government sponsored .
The majority of Kentuckians allied with the Union camp .
Time and place .
No battle took place .
Throwing takes place individually .
Canonization and final resting place .
Origins and place of birth .
Slow reductions did take place .
, 20 wells are in place .
A passenger uprising soon took place .
A woman should know her place .
Aspiration varies with place of articulation .
Both time and place were inauspicious .
Everyone gets inspiration from some place .
Evidence from place names in Sussex .
His funeral took place at St .
The song finished in second place .
judicial activism ) .
Law and judicial system .
Asser underscores his concern for judicial fairness .
Brunei has numerous courts in its judicial branch .
The kings also had religious and judicial duties .
This international judicial institution is located in Luxembourg .
This judicial authority was removed in April 2017 .
Alfred devoted considerable attention and thought to judicial matters .
Since the 1980s judicial campaigns have become increasingly politicized .
Judges and other judicial officials are appointed after passing entry exams .
The judicial authorities in Hungary were : Bosnia and Herzegovina condominium .
The judicial system culminates in the Supreme Court of Ivory Coast .
The Act also gives Western Australian courts judicial power over the islands .
The act also gives Western Australian courts judicial power over Christmas Island .
The national government has separate executive , legislative , and judicial branches .
